Optional[Naza Chaveria here. And in the next few minutes, I'm going to show you how we found this totally untapped three step Netflix effect that turns cold leads into the hottest, most ready to buy premium buyers in a matter of hours without running long webinars that nobody goes to, or exhausting live challenges that only get every freebie seeker under the sun without hiring setters or closers to cold DM people. And fill your calendar with people who just want free advice or producing dozens of pieces of content a day. No chasing and no convincing. Now, traditional, slow outdated processes don't work because they're optimized for unqualified or unready leads who need convincing. These leads have an abundance of time, but they're cash poor, and inadvertently, you're repelling your premium clients who are time poor and don't want to spend more of it going through your sales process just to decide if they want to work with you. My easys method works by applying the same principle that Netflix understood and leveraged to get some of the highest watch times and revenue growth ever seen. In fact, even though this may sound impossible right now, once you watch this bingeable miniseries, you'll be able to see why it works so well, and why over 416 industry leaders have applied my easys method in every niche imaginable with massive success. Now let's cut straight to the point. You're here because you're a coach, consultant, or expert, and you want a highly profitable, predictable, and scalable business. One that makes and keeps massive revenue, and one that doesn't require you to chase down leads, manage a huge team, or be glued to your phone or computer just to stay top of mind and sign clients. You want freedom to do the things you want when you want, like taking December off to take your whole family to the south of France, or turn your phone off at 02:00 p.m. To chase the kids around the backyard. Whatever freedom looks like to you, you want options and a super successful business. And right now, your current process to signing premium clients consistently is eating away at your time, requiring you or your team to kiss too many frogs, aka unqualified or unready buyers, or it's hit a ceiling and you're looking for a better way to scale and increase your profit without scaling your team or your time. If that's you, then over the next few minutes, I'm going to show you how I get leads to sell themselves so you never have to chase or convince anyone ever again. The key to charging premium prices and having ready to buy clients lining up to work with you is in knowing how to create inbound demand. And there are three things that need to happen in order for you to be able to do this. Number one is you need to be able to make your competition irrelevant. Your premium clients are sophisticated. If they can compare you to someone else, they will. You have the choice to either outwork your competition with more marketing efforts or outsmart your competition and leverage your innovation to carve out an uncontested marketplace. Number two, you need an evergreen bingeable sales system that's optimized for premium clients and allows them to make decisions without you doing all of the heavy lifting, all in a matter of hours or days. So you can hop on calls with presold leads that are saying yes before you even open your mouth. And number three, you need scalable client results. The scalability and sustainability of your business rests on your ability to deliver world class results at scale. So your clients become your most enthusiastic sales team and stick with you for years to come. This is where you leverage the pure profit strategies that have made Amazon an industry giant. These are the three components of my easy yes method. One that's been used by over 416 of my clients to become the recognized, valued and paid industry innovators like Erica Fields, who had access to the same strategies that I'm going to reveal in this video. Now when we first met, she had just left her job, barely making ends meet, and went on to ten x her revenue and six x her prices within just 90 days, all as a single mom. But let's be real. Who am I to be making such a bold promise? I'm not famous. You may not know me at all, but I guarantee after this you won't forget my name. My name is NASA Chaveri and I'm an innovation strategist and marketing expert who's built a consulting company to 100k months with a team of two, me and my assistant. It and our entire revenue strategy depends on what I call the bingeable sales system. Unlike most people you meet online, I've made innovation my entire business strategy. That means coaches, consultants and experts that we help don't have to do all the tired, exhausting tactics that are focused on chasing attention. They're building highly profitable businesses in every niche and imaginable that position them as the Goto thought leaders that are revolutionizing their industry. This method is so powerful that we've been able to teach it to over 416 experts, consultants and service professionals just like you using this strategy, and they've been able to generate over $40 million in collective revenue. But more importantly, our clients have been able to develop innovative methods that have landed them on bestseller list, TEDx stages top podcasts, and being recognized by their peers and prospects as innovators. I'm talking about experts and consultants like Michelle, who completely revolutionized the relationship industry and made $70,000 in sales in just one month using the easys method. Or Erica, who's able to scale her business so quickly, reaching her five year goals in just six months that she had to make brand new goals. Or Misty, who had transformed her life from a retired marine who went from launching a business from zero to 40k months in just a little over a year. I created the easys method because I saw a gap in the market. While I had spent over two decades in the marketing industry, the truth is, six years ago, I almost closed the doors to my business. I had tried all of the marketing and sales tactics that we've all heard about running live launches with workbooks and trainings? Check a webinar funnel with a sales pitch to a mid ticket offer? Check an SLO funnel with all the bells and whistles. Yes, I spent months on that. Even when I tried to leave launches behind and go evergreen, I still felt like I was creating endless amounts of content and having to spend hours every day inside of my Facebook group. And each of these exhausting strategies kept leading to responses like, you're amazing, but I can't afford it right now or I'll keep listening to all of your trainings, but I'm just not ready. I was done. Somewhere in the midst of me crying, my kids crying, and the chaos of it all, my daughter said, mommy, I wish you'd get a real job so you'd finally spend more time with us. That was when I realized that my dream had turned into a nightmare and my children were feeling the impact too. That was the moment that my life took 180 degree turn. I knew that if I wanted to stop competing for attention, which meant endless marketing, I needed to innovate. Because where innovation is scarce, competition is fierce. This is what led to the development of my proprietary method that removes the need to convince clients ever again and instead gets your leads to sell themselves using what I coined as a Netflix, effective conversions it was after a particularly frustrating week where I'd filled my calendar with dozens of calls, only to hear more no's than I could count that I crashed on the couch to binge watch a show on Netflix. Within hours I went from never having heard of the show you to becoming a die hard fan, binging one episode after the next, and I was hooked. That was when I realized that if I could just use the same concept to get leads to binge their way to a yes, I'd never have to convince leads ever again. And, well, it worked. I've been able to reach 100k months with 90% profit margins in my business with just a team of two, me and my assistant, all while I'm only working 20 to 25 hours a week. But more importantly, I have clients message me years later sharing how the ECS method has changed their lives. And businesses like Piper, who hit a record breaking $109,000 a month and was overjoyed with the number of amazing clients she had that were thankful for her innovating the health industry. Or Kelly, who was people clamoring over how genius her methodology is and how she just landed. A major article featuring her and my vengeable sales system accelerates the speed and frequency of cold leads, becoming raving fans who love saying yes to you. It's a loophole to growth that so many online businesses miss, but top companies like Amazon, Netflix, Apple, and Tesla have leveraged to skyrocket their growth because most of us have been taught that to attract premium clients at scale, you have to be the loudest and shiniest in the room. But here's the truth. The numbers game approach to conversions only attracts more low intent lurkers and freebie seekers wasting your time and resources without any intention to buy. Not to mention they demand so much of your time and energy trying to convince them every step of the way that you're left with little capacity to deliver exceptional results that your clients deserve. Instead, I show my clients how to leverage their innovation and their distinct ability to fill market gaps by creating demand instead of chasing it. And then we pair that with a bingeable sales system that mimics how your high intent leads natural decision process looks like so that they can sell themselves and you never have to pitch or convince again. This is exactly what I've been helping ceos accomplish with my easys method. People like Abby, who felt like she could never step away from her business without losing momentum, clients and revenue. But now she's able to go camping for weeks without cell service and still has premium clients coming in. Or Katie, who was able to reach her 1st, went on to double her revenue and maintain it year after year, all while taking her family on vacation and without worrying about her business. For the first time in years, I want to show you this glitch to success. Over the next few episodes, we'll break down the three step advantage that my clients have to creating highly predictable, profitable, and scalable businesses that actually let you enjoy your life. First, I'll show you how we create what I call your innovative advantage so you can identify critical market gaps your competitors can't fill and how we create your innovative methodology that specifically targets high intent leads and makes you the in demand and unmatched solution. So you can quit the confident, fight for attention and instead let your innovation instantly capture people's attention and convey the true gravity of what you do so that your highest price programs become the sought after solution. Next, we amplify your innovation using our bingeable sales system. This customer driven sales system taps into decision psychology to expedite and increase conversions, allowing you to close the gap on long sales cycles, no shows, and lead ghosting. By getting your leads to sell themselves, you'll learn how to let your message and method do the selling for you so you can automate conversions and have an inbox of clients reaching out to you saying, can we talk today? I'm ready to get started right now. And the last step of our proven easys method. We tap into the pure profit strategy that focuses on delivering exceptional results and ensures client retention. We achieve this by offering a scalable delivery system that not only amplifies your client outcomes, but also transforms them into your top performing and most enthusiastic sales team so they share their success stories with anyone who will listen. Imagine not having to compete for attention in a life where leads chase you instead of you chasing them. Imagine being able to travel, speak on huge stages, change the world, and become a worldrenowned author, speaker and coach in your space. This is what the system will allow you to achieve. Look, you're standing at a crossroads and you have a decision to make. Either you'll keep doing what everyone else is doing, a webinar funnel this month, a challenge funnel next month, burning the midnight oil and outworking your competition just to feel like you're sacrificing your life and the freedom you've worked so hard to create. Or you want to try this little known but proven method that's helped over 400 coaches and experts just like you achieve absolute freedom of time, money and location as an industry innovator with a high profit scaling system. If you've heard enough and you want to learn how, we can apply the ECs method in your business so you can scale a highly profitable business that gives you back your time using just one bingeable sales system. I want to invite you to book a call with me now. This call is done with me personally, and during our time together, I'll begin reviewing your current client acquisition process and and identifying for you your biggest growth points so that you can add revenue to your business right now. And I'll show you how the ECs method can be applied to your business. So click the link below to book your call or head over to easysleads.com call if you want to hear more the details on how the easys method works. Then grab your popcorn, hit play and binge your way through this revolutionary method where I'll show you how we've turned innovation into your high profit scaling machine. Ready to simplify and scale your sales process and have premium ready to buy clients lining up to work with you. All because you have a bingeable sales system that gets leads to sell themselves so you never have to convince anyone ever again. And if you want to quit top of mind marketing where you're chasing attention and demand and instead create your innovative advantage so you can be the known and well paid industry thought leader, then it's time to apply for your growth optimization call to find out how we can apply the ECs method to your business so you can scale a highly profitable and predictable business that finally lets you enjoy your life. Click the links down below or go to ecsleads.com call and we'll see you there.]