Hi there.
Welcome to How to release the trauma trapped in your body
for good without ears, more of therapy
or jumping into new modalities and workshops every month.
Now I know that is a big promise,
but I can tell you that it's absolutely true.
I see it every single day and working with my clients
and I have been doing this work
with people all over North America for 10 years plus
and that, uh,
before that even in my clinical acupuncture and natural health practice.
So I know that it can work for you,
but more on that in just a second.
Now, I hate it when I log into trainings
and they take forever with the small talk
or the intro, so I'm actually gonna get right down to it.
So I want you to grab a pen for notes.
You're gonna wanna take some of those,
put your cell phone on vibrate, let you know,
let the fa know that you're having you time
and uh, let's dive in.
And if you're making dinner
or folding laundry while you watch this, just be ready
to hit pause so that you can take some notes.
And of course, don't, you know, just try to listen to this
with just watching the screen on silence.
You'll miss too much of it
and you won't really be able to get the benefit.
So just a reminder also that you have a limited time
to watch this training and I'll send you a few reminders,
but let's face it, time can slip away, so just make sure
that you actually get the time to watch it.
And I also want to briefly switch on my camera here so
that you can see me for just a second.
Let me do that.
Okay, good. I think you can see my face.
So just wanted to switch over so that you could just
see me here, kind of feel my heart vibe
and just know that I am a real person, I'm real,
my company is real.
You know, our training organization, we're all real people
and I'm here in my home office.
It's a little echoey. We have kind of nice high ceilings,
which is great for the light, but a little funny on the
audio and just wanted to be able to connect
with you in this way.
And so you can see that you know,
I'm, I'm not an influencer.
I don't really care how things look so much on the surface.
I'm really most concerned with getting results
and using my background clinically and personally and
otherwise to really help you get breakthroughs.
And I'm also a real person, so wanted you to see that.
I'm gonna flip back to the slide so
that you won't be distracted by looking at my face the whole
time and uh, we can dive into this important info together.
Okay, now very quickly,
let's make sure you are in the right place.
This is going to be for you if you have been working on
yourself doing healing work and you still feel stuck.
You have done your fair share of therapy
or shadow work so you intellectually already understand
things like how your upbringing created certain
patterns, et cetera.
But just because you know it in your mind,
you are still getting sucked into those same old
grooves in the moment.
This is for you if you've been reading books, going
to workshops, jumping from modality to modality
or definitely for you if you've grown
and gotten benefit from those things.
But even when you feel sort of optimistic
or inspired at first, you notice that
after a short while you're doing,
doing the same old patterns
and those deeper issues are still there.
This is for you if you've noticed that you tend
to leave your body or you tend to be in your head.
You may be an empath or a sensitive person
and tend to take on energy that's not yours.
Or you seem to attract kind of narcissistic chi vampires,
um, and people that you feel like you need to fix or rescue.
This is for you if you might actually be feeling some
imposter syndrome because you have this feeling like
with all the work I've done, I should be farther than this
or I shouldn't feel this way.
Or maybe you're a healer helping other people
or secretly feeling like a fraud
because you're trying to help people
with their issues while you haven't really been able
to heal them in yourself.
I know what that's like. You're in the right place if you
become aware that you're carrying a lot
of generational trauma that isn't even yours,
but you don't know what to do to actually get free from that
or to do it differently.
And you're definitely in the right place if you've noticed
what we call resistance.
Now this can show up as a tendency
to self-sabotage when things are going well
or you implement like crazy at first,
but then you totally fall off the wagon
and you seem to forget the things that you've learned
or what we call sneaky resistance, a sneaky form
of resistance where you always feel like you just need
to know more before you're ready.
This is actually a protector system strategy that we'll kind
of touch on a little bit later in the training.
And one of the key things
that we address in subtle body work
that other modalities miss.
So if you've been experiencing any of these things,
believe me, I know I have been in all of those places
and if any of this sounds like you, I want you
to know this struggle is not your fault.
There is a lot
of crappy information out there from mainstream ungrounded
self-help advice to therapy based on old outdated science.
Many people make it look like they have all the answers
and they make it seem like all you have
to do is do some simple magic wand affirmations
or wear some crystals
and your life will completely transform life coaches
and new agey abundance self-love goddesses on social media
make it seem like all you need is you know,
an ayahuasca retreat in a gorgeous location
and you'll have a sustainable life breakthrough.
But that's actually pretty far from the truth.
Now, if you're a practitioner of any of those modalities
and you feel offended like I've just bashed things
that you love, I want you to know that
that's not my intention.
So I hope you'll be able to open up
to hear the essence of what I'm saying.
There are lots of helpful modalities out there
and I have a big piece
of rose quartz sitting on my desk right now.
And if you're here, what you're looking
for is a clear proven path to lasting systemic change
where you truly live as your true self soul aligned,
where you don't get thrown off by other people's stress
and where you feel deeply peaceful, solidly, okay,
within yourself and your relationships no matter
what life brings.
Does that sound like something you'd wanna hear about?
So I know what's going on
behind the scenes in the world of healing.
I have tried, studied,
or been certified in most healing methods that you can think
of and I've been a board certified licensed
acupuncturist for a decade.
What you see on the surface when people talk about healing
is not always what it appears to be.
It's easy to present a certain image on social media
with fancy pictures and a polished brand,
but that doesn't necessarily mean
that the practitioner is delivering the depth of healing
that people truly need.
So back to correcting the bad information,
you've probably heard that
to heal you just need to do the work.
You just need to express your emotions.
You just need to understand how your environment growing up
and your parents shaped, shaped your reactions.
You just need to get in touch with your shadow side.
Well, that's what therapy does, so
that must be right, right?
Except that those of us who have done lots
of therapy can tell you,
and I'm including myself in this group, we know
that therapy can be
so helpful in helping us understand the situation better,
but it doesn't actually change our automatic behaviors.
It doesn't stop us from getting triggered in the moment
and it doesn't automatically help us really know why we're
here and what we should be doing in our life.
Think about it, knowing
that someone like your mom is wounded
and in insecure from what she went
through growing up doesn't actually change the fact
that you feel hurt and take it personally.
When she criticizes how you prepare a holiday meal
or how you're raising your kids,
you still end up feeling triggered and hurt
and unable to let it go for days when what you want is
to enjoy a holiday together.
Now, okay, I'm gonna dig into all
of this more in just a little bit.
And of course also how to remove the source
of the issue in you so that you can feel calm
and connected without changing how your family
or your coworkers or your spouse act,
whatever your situation is, the secret to actually changing
how you feel in the moment
and releasing the source of the trauma
from your body in a way that doesn't come back.
That's what we're talking about.
So instead of doubting yourself, hiding who you are to try
and please other people, not
to mention staying stuck in relationships
that no longer serve you
and letting people walk all over you
because you're trying to be nice, we're going to get you
to a very different place in your life
and you are going to be able to stop constantly worrying,
stop feeling insecure
or searching for the next thing you think you need to learn
how to finally somehow fix yourself.
Trying to guess at which thing will be the
next magic solution.
Is it reiki? Is it sound bass? Is it yoga teacher training?
Is it somatic therapy? Is it breath work? On and on.
So here's where we're going to get you.
You are going to get to experience the calm,
peaceful centeredness, happiness,
and let's be honest, the relief of actually feeling aligned
with your purpose, feeling infinitely grounded
and completely okay even in situations
or with people that used to stress you out, you get
to enjoy more fulfilling relationships feeling free from the
trauma and blocks that were holding you back.
Plus you're not going to have to meditate
and sit for hours on a cushion for this to work.
You don't have to do major lifestyle overhauls like quitting
all sugar or do some crazy workout routine
and you don't have to tell the same stories over
and over again to new practitioner each month without really
seeing results or changes.
You get all of it. Okay, so
very quickly, who am I?
How do I know what I'm talking about?
How dare I say these things about healing
and therapy and trauma?
So, hi, my name is Leslie Hutter
and I'm a highly sensitive person and healer.
I have dedicated my life to healing and spiritual practices
and I've been a licensed acupuncturist,
natural health clinician for over a decade.
So like you, I spent a lot of my young adult life,
quote unquote working on myself.
I took my first yoga class as a teenager
and I became a practical natural health expert
as a college student to solve my own health issues.
I was living in a yoga ashram in India on my 26th birthday
and I had already been studying shiatsu
and reiki while living in Japan.
But even as I graduated from the top rated acupuncture
college in the in the country
and started my healing practice,
I knew there were really still some places in my own healing
where I was really blocked.
I was really struggling in relationships with men.
My healing business was a constant source
of financial stress and I secretly felt like an imposter
because I hadn't healed my own crap,
but I was putting myself out there to help others.
And to be honest, even living in the natural health world,
I didn't love the common approaches that people prescribed.
I didn't wanna feel like I was in a codependent relationship
with various healers.
I didn't wanna have a lifelong therapist that I went to
to rehash all of my problems with every week.
I didn't wanna keep spending money on different new
modalities every month that felt good
but didn't really change my issues
and left me back at the place where I started.
And don't get me wrong, I did try all
of those things for a while.
I worked with several different somatic therapists over a
couple of years and I got some good benefits,
but I didn't like the feeling that they were grooming me
to be there dependent clients for life.
And I started to realize I had sort of hit a glass floor
where I was stuck at this plateau
of working on the same issues over
and over again without really progressing.
And because I was an adorable little baby empath healer,
I thought that because I had
so much healing knowledge in my brain that it would be easy
for me, I'd just go
to a few body-based somatic therapy sessions
and I'd be back on my feet.
So adorable, so naive, obviously that did not happen,
or at least it didn't happen enough.
I did feel a little emotionally, uh, less chaotic
with the help of somatic therapy
and I was getting people great healing results in my own
clinic while slowly, slowly building my healing practice.
But I still knew that I was stuck at some
hard to reach levels.
So from about 2010 to 2016, yes, six years,
I kept trying all of the things, coaching, working
with an energy healing healer, matrix, energetics,
muscle testing, different types of energy work, more reiki,
more acupuncture, shadow work
and archetypes, meditation, past life regression.
And throughout all of this flailing I was frustrated trying
to recover from a major relationship breakup, barely getting
by financially and feeling more and more like an imposter.
I couldn't really even tell my friends
or family what was going on
with me like I'm telling you right now.
I knew there had to be a better way.
I wanted to know how it all fit together,
but in a practical way, not just theoretically in my mind,
I wanted to get to the real source of an issue
and know exactly how to get it out of my body
and meridian system so that it did not come back.
I wanted to be able to identify
what my heart actually wanted
and then be able to practically manifest
that without a bunch of woowoo new agey b******t mixed in.
I wanted to live
as a spiritual person without the spiritual bypassing
that I saw in the healer community.
I wanted to heal my dysfunctional patterns with men
and I didn't really know where to start.
I wanted to get my clients the fastest results possible
and I could see there was this deeper level
that I wasn't able to get to yet I understood
that things weren't a quick fix,
but I didn't wanna have to do a particular practice
for years with just blind faith
before I could actually know if it
was working for me or not.
I wanted to actually track and measure results
and not just have some like amorphous, undefined, vague,
hopeful feeling if I was improving or not.
And yes, we are one
of the only programs in the trauma healing
and wellness space that actually
measures and tracks results.
I'll show you some of those numbers coming up here.
So during all of this search, I had a sense
that I was like one step away from connecting the dots
between natural medicine, somatic therapy and mindfulness
and spiritual practice.
Then I had a breakthrough
and I realized that part of the problem was
that everyone was missing a few keys to the puzzle.
And what was really needed was a truly holistic,
comprehensive system.
It was grounded in ancient wisdom
but adapted to our modern lives.
I saw that natural health clinicians totally understood
that emotions and trauma influence our health,
but they weren't really trained to help people
with their emotions in their inner world.
And somatic therapists
and counselors were trying to tie together the body
and the mind, but they just did not have the deep background
of the body and energy systems and ancient healing.
So their methods were just slow
and more of those
that people needed if they're just like
need beginner mindfulness.
And I saw that spiritual teachers were a true gift,
but often they don't focus on practical solutions
for dealing with people's trauma
and everyday interpersonal lives.
And those things could become blocks
to actual deeper progress.
So I knew that spiritual practice
and meditation had tremendous power
to affect the deepest parts of us,
but I wanted to share the essence with people
so they didn't have to make any changes
to their own religious
or spiritual worldviews to get the benefit I needed methods
that were direct started clearing lifelong stuck patterns in
weeks, not years, and didn't require someone
to do meditation or take bad tasting herbs.
I realized that it was my unique background
and experience in these three realms
that when combined really created a truly comprehensive
system that started getting clients rocket fuel
breakthroughs where tons of other methods had failed.
So I started to take a totally different approach.
The more I started to develop my own truly integrated mind,
body, spirit or subtle body system
and started focusing on these simultaneous interconnections
of the subtle body, all of these layers,
the faster results I started to see with myself
and my clients just in my own life.
I saw big changes in my experience with men.
I started actually getting asked out for my phone number,
which had never happened to me in my life.
And I saw more emotionally healthy, divine,
masculine aligned men showing in my up in my life,
like in different roles from lovers to friends
to Airbnb guests who took me out to brunch.
Within a year
and a half of starting to really clear these blocks,
I met my better than I thought possible match Jay
who is now my husband and on a daily basis his presence just
really helps me increase my capacity for joy in this life
and he's really an amazing cook, which is a huge bonus.
So also during that time my healing practice really took off
and I was able to actually support myself financially doing
work that I love with more ideal clients
who were really showing up ready
to do real inner healing work.
I even moved to a new state
and built a new practice in half the time that I'd done
before while working less hours,
I suddenly had more confidence to start opening up
and being vulnerable in a way that has led me
to having deep dharma sister relationships
and a group of soul sisters who really have my back in life.
I stopped feeling apologetic
or shy about who I was as a sensitive empath healer, uh,
that let me sort of call in people who are more aligned
with me being me.
And it was so much easier to just let go of people
who weren't without worrying what other people thought.
I even saw new levels of healing in my family
and I started to be more confident just kind
of being my wacky self instead of censoring myself
or trying to change how I was around them.
And their really accepting responses have really
strengthened our relationships in a
way that I didn't even expect.
I was actually able to step into my true spiritual alignment
and soul clarity on my purpose why I am here
and what life is about.
So my question to you is what would
more fulfilling partnerships look like in your life?
What difference would it make to you to feel truly confident
and soul aligned in who you are?
How would your life be different if you felt at peace in
life, even when other people are freaking out,
even when the world is freaking out
and seems like it's going to hell in a hand basket?
What kind of person, what kind of parent could you be
to your children if your old trapped trauma were released
and you weren't stuck in generational
patterns that aren't even yours?
Now, of course, I don't want you
to just take my word for it.
The key here is that this just didn't work for me.
It's now a proven system that we've used
to get consistent results for clients year
after year after year.
Remember those tracked results that I mentioned before?
One of the biggest traps out there in the healing, wellness
and therapy space is this lie
that says something like you're always gonna be
working on yourself.
Things are intangible, it's the journey not the destination.
How nonsensical is it to say
that we shouldn't actually look for results?
If you go into any, you know, any other business
or realm, farming, business, manufacturing, gardening,
there are always results to be,
to be had and to be measured.
So that's really what we're doing here.
And while certainly there's more nuance
to healing than other areas,
we should always judge by results.
We track data points in our programs so
that we make sure you are moving forward in
clearly measurable ways.
And you don't need to actually just take my word for it,
you can actually see the results.
These are before and
after stats of all of the over 36 data points that we track
with everybody who comes through the program.
The light colored are before and the pink is
after the 12 week program.
So we track these categories over a wide range
of everything in life from body intuition
and connection, your physical
and emotional wellbeing, people's finances,
lifestyle enjoyment, how much people are taking vacations,
communication, relationship, feeling of inner peace
and aligned with their purpose, their stress,
and for example, how long it takes them
to recover from a trigger.
Those actually we see go down instead of up.
Instead of people being stuck for days and days and days
and weeks and months, it goes down to, you know,
maybe a couple hours, couple days.
So even folks who are already therapists and counselors
and already had quite high ratings also get better.
And we see a lot of massively positive results
and PO progress across different people in
different aspects of the program.
So people don't just feel better, they actually are better.
Pretty cool, right? You'll hear more from some
of the other Body Wisdom Academy grads in just a little bit.
Okay, enough intro, let's dig into this.
We've got a lot to cover
and we're gonna go fast to get it all in,
so I don't want to waste any time.
Here is what you're gonna learn.
Secret number one,
your body mind spirit system has a technical interconnected
wiring that is beyond the conscious mind alone.
There are several layers, it is predictable
and fixable when you know the deeper signs.
And side note, most modalities are only addressing one
or two pieces and don't understand the interconnected signs.
Secret number two, learning the code
to deactivate your triggers in the moment
so you can dissolve them instead
of constantly managing them.
And secret number three, how to overcome imposter syndrome
and self-sabotage once and for all and actually feel worthy
and aligned with your purpose.
Okay, so secret number one,
your body mind spirit system has a technical interconnected
wiring that is beyond the conscious mind level alone.
Look, I get it, big name trauma therapist.
Well-known psychiatrists and authors
and even self-help influencers say you just need
to understand your brain and nervous system
and that will fix the problem.
Now I think neurology and polyvagal theory
and brain science in general is very cool.
And I personally continue
to take trainings from folks in these areas.
And as you have probably noticed, knowing what parts
of your brain are being dominant when you're freaking out
and having repetitive anxious thoughts doesn't actually do
much to stop the repetitive anxious thoughts
or your heart beating out of your chest just by saying
to yourself, this is just my overactive amygdala,
this is just my amygdala.
Freaking out doesn't do a damn thing
to actually change the sensation
that you're having in your body in the moment.
And even if it does calm you down in the moment,
the same trigger will just get you again in the future.
So although it might seem sexy to learn
that your ventral medial prefrontal cortex has been affected
by your trauma or the cortisol shuts down your hippocampus,
that sounds cool, but it doesn't actually fix your problem.
Think about it. Trying
to treat trauma in this intellectual researchy way is like
saying that reading a book about
how car engines work will magically transform you into
winning Formula one race car driver, I don't know about you,
but that's not a car I wanna be a passenger in.
Yes, you'll feel more knowledgeable,
but you're generally not getting any different
results compared to when you started.
I know a lot of clients who have learned the hard way
that putting all their eggs in the research
and brain science basket may get them a fancy worded
diagnosis or an expensive colorful looking scan
of their brain, but it doesn't actually change their
experience in the moment.
And here's the thing, you can gain the ability
to actually change the way you are feeling in the moment
and actually prevent a panic attack before it starts.
You can make overwhelm
and shut down episodes a thing
of the past without suppressing them
or memorizing hard to pronounce parts
of your brain and nervous system.
Now it's the difference
between getting a stuck in a building,
let's say getting stuck in a building
where there's a fire alarm going off
and the only thing you can do is in the room
that you're trapped in, you can read
through a 300 page manual about the history
of fire alarm systems versus instead being trapped in a room
in a building where the alarm goes off.
But in that room with you is someone
who teaches you the code to enter,
which immediately turns off the alarm
and resets the system so you can continue
to go on your day in peace and quiet.
Which one of those fire alarms rooms would you rather be in?
That's the one where someone teaches you the code, right?
Not only does it turn off the code the first time,
but now you have that code forever turning off the alarm
and resetting the system isn't going
to happen from talk therapy or even somatic therapy or EMDR.
And here's why. And I wanna do a caveat here
because I am not saying that therapy isn't useful.
I wanna be really clear that I'm not anti therapy.
I've done a good amount of therapy personally in my life
and I think it's a useful tool.
Having a great therapist can be a great healing relationship
and the perspective, um, is very helpful,
especially at the beginning of your healing journey.
But that doesn't change the fact that
what we call modern therapy developed from a culture
of in their head, old white guys, European intellectuals
who were testing different methods
but were disconnected from deeper ancient wisdom about
how the mind and the body and all of its parts fit together.
This is what we call in my work Subtle body work.
So now modern somatic therapy is an
improvement upon traditional therapy
because it takes the body into account,
however it's still coming from that very hit
or miss western approach.
Even big name researchers like Besser VanDerKolk
who wrote the Body keeps the score.
He seems like a very nice person.
I like watching his videos. But when you hear him talk about
the early days of EMDR, he personally admits
that he dismissed it thinking it couldn't possibly be
helpful because he was coming from a training
that lacks deeper understanding about what's really
happening in the deeper levels of the body Mind system.
Because of this disconnection from the deeper wisdom,
western medicine, western culture has had
to just take this hit
or miss approach trying to find solutions and
therefore getting hit or miss results.
Instead, in subtle body work coming from ancient
understandings, we are taking the positive aspects
of things like somatic therapy,
but we're integrating ancient eastern wisdom traditions
that have preserved the understanding of how the body,
soul emotions and minds seamlessly fit together
and influence each other.
It's not random. There is actually a way that it works.
So to go back to my deeper EMDR example,
this modality can be helpful,
but it's working with one small aspect of
how trauma may have encoded
and generally doesn't get the entire source of the problem.
And you might be thinking, I'm going
to recommend breath work or psychedelics.
Well surprise, I generally do not recommend these roots if
you are a sensitive empathic person.
Now again, they can also be helpful if you've done those
things and gotten benefit, that's great,
but while those methods can be needed, especially for
what I would call sort of normal people with zero access
to their inner experience, those type
of modalities like breath work
and using uh, controlled psychedelics, they kind
of bust the door down.
And if you are an empathic sensitive person doing
that strong breath work
or using substances,
it can actually be very stressful for your subtle body.
It will crack things open against your body's innate wisdom
and tie line and it will often come up in a way
that's overwhelming and hard to integrate
and it doesn't give you the skills to master the things
that will come up in the future.
It's a one-time thing.
The truth is, is that
what we understand in subtle body work, which is what I
the subtle body, is a term to sort of talk about
not just all of the layers of the mind, body, spirit system,
but also the way that they fit together.
Subtle body has a, each part has a different technical area
that operate and interact with each other in specific ways.
Unfortunately, this um, you know, sort of western
and medicine and conventional therapy aren't in touch
with this wisdom and even some natural health modalities are
just centered on one aspect of the system.
So what's really needed in trauma healing is
to understand the big picture as we do in subtle body work
so that we can heal the system
as a whole and release the trauma.
Another area you'll hear people talk about in the trauma
healing world is the nervous system.
You'll hear therapists
and coaches say that calming your nervous system
is the key to healing trauma.
Yes, your nervous system and your vagus nerve are important
and they are still only one component of your
complete body mind system.
They are still more surface and you're reacting to what's
and those parts of your system are reacting to what's
underneath rather than just like getting
to the deeper source of it.
If you think about this, everything is interconnected.
Nervous systems don't just magically
dysregulate themselves in a vacuum.
Their dysregulation is a response to something deeper
that came first in the subtle body layers
that is not being addressed
by simply calming the nervous system response.
So using a focus on regulating your nervous system
as your main approach to trauma is like trying
to keep the dandelions out of your front yard
by just going out every day
and picking the flowers off
of the dandelions that have come up.
It might look a little calmer on the surface for that day,
but what happens when you walk
outside the next morning more dandelions.
So doing eye movements
and alternate body tapping till the cows come home.
It like it might take the edge off your level of reaction,
but it doesn't prevent it from coming back in the future.
What is really needed is to deal with the entire wiring
of the body mind system to actually remove the root
of the dandelions so that they don't come back.
Now I'm an herbalist and dandelions are good
medicine, but it's just an analogy.
I want you to just imagine not even having
to check your front yard at all
because we've actually changed the landscape.
When you've dealt with issues at the root,
you can actually just go on
to focusing in about other things
that you love in your life instead
of constantly worrying about your lawn.
That's what we're going for.
You become able to do things that you couldn't do before
and the trauma habits, like the coping skills
that you couldn't stop yourself from doing
before, even though you knew they were bad
for you just naturally fall away
because the landscape is different.
This is a a subtle body graduate ssk
and she kind of is noticed this in her own life especially,
um, with going on trips was one of the things she noticed.
She said, until I encountered this kind of work,
it didn't even occur to me
that I could actually dissolve triggers.
I've always been triggered by preparing for a trip,
my body gets tense, I get snippy
and I recently took a trip to the beach
and it was easy, easy to pack, easy to get ready,
actually drove and it was easy and even my husband noticed
and was like, wow, I didn't even know what this was like.
So you also wanna watch in this level of you want
to watch out for a common healer mindset trap that comes up
that says something like, well my trauma makes me who I am
and it's how I empathize and help people
because I know what they're going through.
Now if this is you, let's just look at that for a minute.
If you have cancer per se, you don't go looking for a doctor
that has cancer because they've done it,
had it themselves to help you.
That's probably not even on the list
of qualities that you look for.
So the heart
and soul level of your subtle body is how you connect
with others via compassion and understanding
and presence, not
by having the same trauma vibe to match up with them.
The more healed
and functional your subtle body system is, the more
of a shining healing conduit you can be to influence others.
So you don't need to be perfectly healed in order
to start helping others, but just like on a plane,
you do need to put your oxygen mask on first
before you're gonna help other people.
So if you're called to do deeper healing work with others,
understanding this foundational subtle body level in
yourself is the gateway to being a healer
that truly makes a difference.
You might also think I'm going to reveal some
one trick fixes, all energy medicine technique
where I run magnets over your meridians
or I tap your fingers or just use muscle testing while doing
positive statements or doing energy medicine
and grounding techniques.
I'm gonna surprise you again because that's not it.
Energy medicine again is helpful
but it's only touching on a part of the mind body system
and it's often deactivated the efforts.
The good efforts of energy work are often overrun
and deactivated by
what we call in subtle body work are protector systems,
which we're gonna talk about more in a minute.
So part of the problem with energy medicine techniques is
that its emphasis is on what you feel in the moment.
Without a larger tracking of outer world results,
you might feel energy moving in the moment,
but things moving in the moment doesn't necessarily mean
that you're actually changing the wiring.
It's a feeling in a sensation yes,
but you have to be able to still use it in the context
of what's really happening in the entire system
when it comes to actual deep
and lasting healing that moves you into a new era
of your purposeful anxiety-free soul aligned life trying
to get there with a closet full
of little specific modalities
that only focus on one small aspect is going
to just keep you on the healing hamster wheel
where you're always collecting modalities rather than
actual in your life results.
And the longer that you're on the healing hamster wheel
turning and turning
but not really moving forward, the worse it gets.
That's where you start to feel desperate
and worry that you're broken
and imposter syndrome starts to set in.
You feel shame kind of creeping in underneath.
You need a comprehensive system based on a clear
and technical understanding of the subtle body,
which is all aspects of the mind, body, spirit system
and how they function together and interconnect.
You need a comprehensive system that is practical
and can be implemented in your daily life,
not just some theory or conceptual
ideas that stay in your head.
I'm guessing you're seeing kind of how crazy it is to think
that approaches that only target the mind
or only target the energy
of the body can like somehow magically make changes at all
the levels of your mind body system.
Instead, here's what you're going to do.
You're going to release the old trauma
and patterns trapped in your subtle body while getting
to the hidden source of the anxiety, the self-sabotage
and sense of unworthiness that's been holding you back
by reconnecting the parts of your body, mind, spirit system
that have gotten separated, decoding the language
that your subtle body has been using, tracing the issue
to its true source
and repairing the pathway so
that the trauma can get all the way out.
And this is also why the Body Wisdom Academy trauma
releasing system isn't just about the inner healing process,
which is incredibly effective
and unlike anything else anyone is doing,
but it's also about how we then take that healing
and systematically integrate it into the
outer areas of your life.
You are going to understand how to energetically communicate
and develop healthy boundaries
that feel caring at the same time so
that you can stop taking on other people's energy
and attract ideal personal and romantic relationships.
We dig deep into reorganizing your family geometry
so you can contribute to the healing
of your family lineage while getting rid
of generational baggage
so it doesn't go forward into the next generation.
Okay, let's transition here to secret number two.
Learning the code to deactivate your triggers in the moment
so that you can dissolve them instead
of constantly managing them.
Now we've already been talking about the most common things
you hear from the therapy authority
and other modality approaches to releasing trauma.
Now let's look at that in the context to
how we're actually wired on a subtle body
or mind body, spirit level.
So here's a little diagram.
Let's imagine that the different layers of your mind, body,
spirit, or your subtle body system are represented
by these discs sort of at these different levels.
And not only are the discs, um, have each have sort
of these different layers, but they also deeply interact
with each other and have interconnection.
Now you can see, you can imagine that in the way each
of these function, they each have these little sort
of aligned little notches, little spaces.
And you can notice that in general those are all at
different places because different levels
of the subtle body function in different ways.
And here you can see the trauma that gets slur
of lodged in our system when we go through a traumatic event
because our body is trying to protect us
because it, the thing that happened was overwhelming
to our system in a very basic sense.
Trauma is any time that our sense of safety got overwhelmed
or or was over capacitated our subtle body system.
So in order to preserve the the whole wholeness
of our organism, the body will sort of entrap
and sequester the trauma, which is a good idea at the time,
but ends up gumming up the system.
So here you can sort of see that the trauma is sort
of trapped in these different layers.
It's trapped also
because of the way that those gaps, those notches in each
of the layer discs are not aligned.
So what we have to do in subtle body work,
what we're doing is we're actually using a holistic
systemic process to heal
and align the interconnection so
that the trauma can actually get all the way out.
You have to deal with all aspects
of the subtle body at the same time
and in the right ways for each level for
to actually align those notches in the disc so
that the trauma can actually get out for good instead
of just kind of swishing it
around at the level where it's stuck.
So in subtle body work we use a five step framework
that helps you release the trauma
and wounding trapped in your body.
The first phase is to stop the spiral.
This is very important
because we need to start speaking the language so
that the body can actually change
the sensation in the moment.
This is where I see clients say all the time, whoa,
I'm actually catching myself leaving my body
and I'm staying with myself and feeling more calm.
Or I used to get triggered for days in this situation
and now I notice the trigger, I apply the tools
and I come back to myself.
Now ultimately we are going to erase the source
of the trigger entirely
so you don't even get triggered in the first place.
But we have to start with stopping the spiral
that happens in the body
because that's stressful for the subtle body
and that in itself is super valuable no matter what.
This stage really greatly reduces the time
that you spend getting triggered
and spun out by other people or by world events
and it really makes panic
and anxiety attacks, uh, a thing of the past.
The next phase is that we reconnect, we need to
heal the interconnections of the subtle body pathways.
This involves things like the heart to pelvis connection,
the different levels of the heart dealing
with our heart protector.
These are all details about how the different levels
of the discs or the subtle body work that need
to reestablish their connection with the whole.
Because not only when trauma gets trapped in the system,
in order to compensate for that, the body will sort of, uh,
sequester or disconnect parts of the body
and we need to bring those back together
to restore holistic function.
And the next phase we find the source.
This is where you really learn
to trace the surface triggers down to the deeper issues in
what we call the basement.
So one of the things that we know is that we are always
reacting to the past, to the trauma, to things
that aren't there, but it's not logical.
So this is a really important phase for understanding
and really having the, the control seat,
the empowerment in any situation to actually find the source
and get that out of your system for good.
Next phase we activate and release.
This is like the diagram we we showed.
This is where we really learn how the technical side of all
of the parts of the body mind system function
and we learn how to align those discs so
that whatever's coming up can just come up
and come all the way out and be released.
Then we recheck and we enjoy.
This is where we judge by results.
We notice we go on living our life in the outer world
and we notice how the results are there
and things have changed and it's
not logical even though our mind tells us that we need
to work on something very directly.
But the truth is we need to work on what's actually
underneath and the things on the surface
will get better by themselves.
So this is the fun part of recheck and enjoy
and noticing how you are actually naturally
getting different results.
So I want you to really see what this means for you is
that from now on instead of managing your symptoms,
you know exactly how to get to the source
and release it in a matter of minutes so
that you feel lighter
and have a sense of happiness and relief.
I often hear people say, wow,
I just feel like physically lighter.
So no more spiraling thoughts
or triggers that last for days.
And it also helps you build true inner confidence
so there's no more second guessing yourself.
Remember that I have been doing this for a very long time
and I'm familiar with almost any healing
modality you can name.
And I've been getting clients results even when everything
else they've tried hasn't worked.
Believe me, even if you are a professional healer
or therapist and you're thinking, Hmm,
this really gonna be any different than something I've done
before, remember that I've already helped hundreds
of trained therapists, healers and coaches,
and what I consistently hear them say is, wow,
this is deeper, faster
and fills in the gaps of what I was missing.
So now I know what it's like
to actually get lasting results.
And if you're saying to yourself, yeah,
but I always start strong
but then I drop off with these kinds of things.
Great news, nobody is meant to do this kind
of deep healing work alone.
Even the best, most effective healers in the world need
personalized mentorship
and a guide to truly build lasting skill.
So if that's where you are, great news,
you're in good company, the truth is
that this system can be taught
and more importantly learned in an embodied way.
When you have actual personalized coaching
and guidance, it's just a matter of following the steps
and getting feedback for your situation.
So if you've struggled before, it's only
because you only had part of the picture
and no one there to personally help
you through the blind spots.
You haven't had a subtle body expert there by your side
to turn the blind spots into the breakthroughs.
The truth of the matter is that your mind, body,
spirit system, the wiring of your subtle body is not random.
It has very specific defined
and predictable ways of working.
It acts in certain ways when it's running smoothly
and in different ways when it's having problems.
And those things leave signs that we understand.
And the longer you wait
and leave these old stuck trauma patterns running in your
system, the worse it gets.
Trauma is contagious.
You will pass it on to your children to the people
that you're around and in relationship with.
And as much as we think we want to get over our trauma,
there's also a part of you that is totally freaked out
by the idea of getting better.
I know that sounds weird, but this is your protector system.
This is usually happening outside of the level
of our conscious mind,
but it's a huge barrier in healing
that most modalities miss.
So for real healing, you need to align all of the discs
and deal with all appropriate aspects
of the subtle body simultaneously.
And you also need to combine that with a systematic approach
to dealing with what we call the protector system
who will be, this is the part of yourself
that will be putting up resistance
and trying to block the way as you start to go down
to deeper healing levels.
Now is that tricky? Yeah.
And that's why most people aren't doing it.
They haven't figured out how, which is of course
where the subtle body work in the Body Wisdom Academy trauma
release system comes in.
Okay, let's talk about the protector system in secret number
three, how to overcome imposter syndrome
and self-sabotage once and for all and actually feel worthy
and aligned with your purpose.
Now, many years ago now,
I was attending my first big women's business conference.
Imagine a thousand people,
mostly women from all over North America
at all stages of business.
Packed into this hotel conference center in the middle
of summer in Dallas.
It was hot and one
of the bigwig speakers at the conference was Hiram w Smith.
Now if you're not familiar with Hiram,
he was a major player in the field of productivity
and personal development.
He wrote a book called The 10 Natural Laws
of Successful Time in Life Management.
He built an influential company in the eighties
that eventually merged and became Franklin Covey,
which was started by Stephen Covey
who wrote the Well-known book, the Seven Habits
of Highly Effective People.
So we're talking about a guy who literally wrote the book on
how to be an effective person in your life.
And Hiram was a pretty dynamic guy and speaker.
During the course of his talks,
he made us all memorize some lines from
Shakespeare with hand motions.
And he had a pretty strong kind
of old school vibe and way about him.
And although he didn't really say it super directly was also
pretty clear that his spiritual beliefs were
very central to his life.
And as is sometimes the case with these uh, conferences,
many of the speakers stuck around at the end
of the conference in between their presentations.
And although I was kind of nervous,
I was like a new young business owner, I challenged myself
to go and talk with him and we did a few minutes of chitchat
and I eventually got up the nerve to ask him a question
and I asked him, if you had to choose one thing,
what would you say is the hardest part of your job?
And you know what he said, he did not hesitate.
He answered very clearly
and he said, well, the hardest part for me is that
for some people I can give them everything they
need to be successful.
I can lay out the steps clearly and simply one by one
and some people will still not do it.
And I can't understand why that is.
That's the most frustrating thing.
What this smart successful man,
this personal development icon of a person
saw his clients hitting up against
that he couldn't get them passed is
what we know in subtle body work as the protector system.
And because we specifically understand the workings
of this mind body, energetic part of ourselves,
how it works, what the symptoms are,
and most importantly, how to systemically heal
and rehab it so that it works for us and not against us.
Because this knowledge is a part of subtle body
and trauma release work, we are actually able
to get people results that even the giants
of the personal development industry cannot achieve.
Now, the protector system is a part of ourselves
that is always trying to protect ourselves
and just like it sounds like and keep us safe.
But although its intentions are good in our lives,
the protector system easily gets bogged down by the past.
It gets clouded by the big
and the little traumas that we go through in life
and it's like a switch that gets flipped on
but never gets flipped off.
And what ends up happening is it starts sending off alarms
and sabotaging things in our lives just
because they seem new or different
because they're tied incorrectly to things in the past,
even though these new things could be good for us.
So here's the important thing to realize in starting
to heal your protector system responses
and retrain it from the inside out.
First is we have to learn how
to spot an overactive protector system.
And it's a little sneakier than you might think.
The protector system is wiring in and across
and between the many aspects of the mind body and the
and the mind, the layers of the subtle body.
And the two biggest ways protector system shenanigans show
up are mind stories and resistance.
Now, mind stories are pretty easy to understand.
This is when because your protector system got triggered,
then this usually happens silently
and unconsciously without us realizing it.
It will generate mind stories,
which we will hear usually as thoughts in our head.
They usually have the vibe
of being things like telling you about worst case scenarios,
thinking about how things could go wrong.
This also encompasses this protector system activation.
What psychology sometimes refers to as the inner critic,
that's actually just part of the protector system,
generating mind stories
that can be healed over time with this work.
So if you know yourself to have
what psychology calls a strong inner critic,
that that can be helped.
And they usually are centered on fear and worry.
Now sometimes we can even notice
that these mind stories are not based on our actual reality,
but pointing that out logically doesn't really get rid
of the mind stories because their source is
deeper than the mind alone.
Mind stories often trace to ideas
that we are somehow broken, that we're too much
or that we're not enough,
and that if people find out who we really are,
we'll be abandoned and alone.
So sometimes it looks that way as you get deeper down.
The second aspect that's important
to talk about here is resistance.
There are two types of resistance, regular resistance
and sneaky resistance.
And people are often surprised to learn
that sneaky resistance has been secretly sabotaging them
for years without them even knowing it.
So let's talk about the regular resistance.
It's often pretty easy to spot.
It's literally feeling resistance, like you know
what you need to do, but you actually just don't do it.
You feel resistant to doing things, you avoid things,
you procrastinate or you feel angry or frustrated
or hopeless or scared.
But sneaky resistance is well kind of sneaky
and it doesn't even have to be what we would call negative.
So certain types of brain fog,
if you've ever felt can signify an
overactive protector system.
Like all of a sudden you just like can't think,
you start something
and you just sort of start forgetting
to complete it and follow through.
Maybe you don't feel angry, but you just like kind
of shiny object syndrome where you're always off
to the new thing or you're always great at the
beginning, then you fall off.
These are protector system resistant strategies.
They're all signs of that type of sneaky activation.
Also, the need to constantly stay busy or to be productive.
These are qualities that society praises,
but they are often coming from the protector system
and the anxiety that creates will drain your QE
and energy over time.
Some aspects of chronic pain are protector system activation
and resistance, although chronic pain will usually have
other factors happening at the same time, we often do see
that these are linked together
and people with chronic pain,
in my experience generally have very
overactive protector systems.
Now it's important for me to make clear with this one,
that subtle body work is not medical advice
and it's not intended to diagnose, cure
or treat any diseases
and it's definitely not approved
by the food and drug administration.
So that is my official medical disclaimer.
And I can also tell you from experience
that we have had BWA clients
that didn't even tell us they had chronic pain as a part
of their picture and until like, you know, four
or five weeks into the training when they saw significant
reduction in their pain numbers over the
course of working together.
So all,
although another um, sneaky protector system activation
that I wanna mention, especially that sensitive healer
and empath types are often surprised to hear is
if you always feel like you need to know more
before being ready.
This is a super common protector system strategy.
So here's a bold statement.
Things like perfectionism are actually signs of trap trauma
and they're linked to hidden feelings of unworthiness
that the protector system is trying to cover over with
how we get things right or perfect in the outer world.
So if, if you notice yourself getting stuck by the paralysis
of analysis, you might hear your mind saying, yeah,
but if I didn't have this constant push to do and to go
and to be, I'd just never get anything done.
Or maybe your mind story says, yeah,
but I just have really high standards
and I just don't wanna be a slacker.
So it might look like that at the surface.
But I'm gonna ask you to trust me here
as a working hypothesis that this is a part
of protect your system strategy active in your system.
Now what I also want you to hear is that it is possible
to keep the productive, helpful parts of our personality
and adaptations, but without the protector system drain on
your system protector system productivity
or quote unquote energy is really false energy
because it's coming from fear, it's coming from a wound
and lack in your system that is depleting you on the inside.
Even if it seems productive on the surface for a period
of time, it probably feels normal to you
because you've had it most of your life.
But that doesn't mean that it's actually good
for your soul development.
So it's important to start to catch these sneaky ways
that your protector system may be getting in the way
of your actual healing.
And while having an awesome awareness
of your own protector system strategies is
extremely powerful.
So I want you to start catching those today.
Just like other parts of the subtle body
or the mind body system,
the protector system cannot simply be updated
by just quote unquote thinking positive thoughts.
So this is why you just can't think
your way out of resistance.
You actually have to apply the correct subtle body tools.
You cannot just defeat your protector system
by quote unquote just pushing through it.
Oh, but the self gurus say, just set your mind to it.
Just pull yourself up by your bootstraps.
That Nike slogan of Just Do It.
Well, that might work great for a shoe company slogan
or for the less than 1% of the world's population
who are professional athletes.
But I can tell you from my close personal
and professional experience, it does not work in healing.
So while some people may get
what looks like progress from their pushing efforts,
and this might be you, you may be able
to force yourself into a new kind of different habit
for a period of time, a week, a month, maybe even longer.
But when you're working against the protector system,
it will always cost you,
you'll eventually fall back into old habits
or you'll burn out from overstressing your system
with issues like adrenal burnout or chronic fatigue.
If you have old outdated programming in your protector
system, it will be getting silently activated in the
background, and the more you push through it,
the more it will snap back like a rubber band
and knock you off track.
You will eventually end up quitting, getting distracted,
self-sabotaging, and you feel frustrated and confused
because you tried what the Self-Help Guru said,
and it seemed to work magically for other people,
but it didn't work for you.
And at this point in the cycle
of the protect your system activation, your mind comes
to the logical conclusion of mind stories
that you're broken, that there's something wrong with you
and that you're a terrible imposter
and good things were work for everybody else but you.
Oh, but the self-help guru say, just change your mind
and you'll change your life.
Just think positive thoughts.
Just visualize the outcome you want.
You just need to learn to manifest.
Well, I hope by now you can see that all this fluffy sort
of stuff sounds positive new agey things
and at has some merit of thinking positive thoughts,
but they are missing the critical understanding of
how the subtle body and its protector system
components actually work.
As we can see perfectly from my experience with Hiram,
it's not as easy as simple mind logical implementation.
If it were, certainly the giants
of the self-help world would've figured it out
and they haven't mind strategies
and good intentions don't lead to true healing.
Reconnecting the vital parts of your subtle body system does
learning how the wiring
of your mind body system actually works.
Decoding what the signals mean, tracing things
to their true source that dissolves the block
that have been keeping you from who you really are.
You need to know the difference when the sensations arise,
what does it mean if there's a sensation to the left
of my heart versus if there's a sensation
that comes up in my solar plexus?
Those are different things coming from your subtle body
and processing things mentally in therapy gives you mental
understanding that makes you go, oh yeah, right.
That makes sense because my parents were like that.
This is why I think that way.
But applying subtle body work
to change your sensations in the moment
and release the old trauma from your system makes you go,
whoa, I actually feel physically lighter right now.
And now that that's gone,
and this isn't just a feeling in the moment,
we actually test
to make sure the changes are holding over time.
What if I want you to imagine instead of always looking for
new modalities to fit all these random healing techniques
together, what if you had one comprehensive system
that gave you the answers you need to get the results
that you want, lasting results in your outer life
with your job, your income with living your purpose,
with lasting results,
with getting past all these protector system things
that I just mentioned deeper, more fulfilling relationships
with your partner even with difficult family members,
lasting results with how you feel lighter
and happier in your physical body and emotions.
You get the piece of being able to go through the challenges
of life with soul level confidence that you are aligned
with your purpose and sharing your gifts no matter
what comes up, what would it mean for your life right now
to finally be able to stop doubting yourself
to clearly see what's yours and what's other people
and to not be so brought down
by taking on other people's energy?
What if you could actually let things go
and knew the steps on how to do that
beyond just wishful thinking?
I heard this directly from one
of the clients that we worked with.
She said, I, people always say just let it go,
but nobody ever taught me how until
learning the subtle body techniques.
So imagine the relief to know
that the generational trauma in your family line gets healed
with you and isn't being passed on to your children.
If that sounds like a dream, I can tell you as someone
who went from being a struggling healer
with crappy relationships
to a successful healing business owner,
serving people living my purpose
with a better than I thought possible husband
and a tight-knit circle of awesome female friends
who really have my back,
and as someone who's really seen the same breakthroughs in
our hundreds and hundreds of clients, I can tell you
that it is a hundred percent possible in your life.
Here's the thing though, everything that we've covered here
is just the tip of the healing iceberg.
I mean, there's a lot more
to healing trauma than I could ever possibly cover in a
short intro training, right?
So to make all of this work
for your particular subtle body system in your life,
here's some things you still need to know.
You need to know how to adjust your energetic center
of gravity into the body
and out of the mind so that you're starting
to heal from a more embodied place.
You need to know which parts of your body mind system are
engaged and which parts have been disconnected
so you don't waste time fixing things
that aren't actually having trouble.
You need to know the proper order
and function to apply these new skills so
that you don't make things worse
or unexpectedly Send your protector system into a spiral.
You need to know how to tell whether
or not you're jumping out of your body energetically what
to do immediately to come back
and to be more grounded in a way
that prevents panic and anxiety.
And when your protector system does get a little triggered,
you need to know the exact steps to calm
and rewire that so that you're truly healing your system
and preventing issues in the future.
You need to gently rehab your subtle body's ability
to let the helpful, nourishing things in
and to keep the crappy
but familiar old patterns out so
that you stop repeating those old
patterns and break the cycle.
You also need to understand how the family geometry
of your family lineage affects your subtle body
and what to do to literally stop carrying around baggage
that's not yours.
And yes, it's true that it has taken me multiple medical
degrees and years to perf to sort of perfect this system
that I use to get our clients reliable results,
even when all the other healing methods they've tried have
gotten not gotten them there.
It is not something
that anyone can just figure out on their own,
and that's why I created the su, the Body Wisdom Academy,
subtle Body and Trauma Releasing System.
This is the system that incorporates everything we've talked
about today and more.
This is the system that will lift you out of the baggage
that you have been carrying, clear out the hidden sources
of stress and sadness
and really power up your true soul confidence aligning you
with your purpose automatically as the trauma gets released.
The Body Wisdom Academy is a complete trauma healing system
that creates genuine inner peace
and freedom from the past that allows you to live life
as you truly are, reconnect your subtle body wiring in a
comprehensive way and watch all of the areas
of your life improve.
It's powered by ancient understanding of how the mind, body,
spirit system works on a technical level along with how
to actually integrate that healing into all
aspects of your modern life.
This is the exact system I've used to create my ideal life
and that I've taught to my patients
and my clients over the past 10 years.
And actually it's even better.
It's the exact system plus the refinements and improvements
and enhancements we've developed
to make it even more and more effective.
It's called the Body Wisdom Academy
because it's learning that you get to keep
for the rest of your life.
So you always know what to do to be centered, aligned,
and on purpose, free from the
trauma and patterns of the past.
All you have to do is follow the step-by-step process
as we help you apply the tools to your precise situation
and then everybody is different.
So one size fits all approach doesn't really work
for this advanced level of deeper healing.
Unfortunately, the industry standard
for coaching programs often ends up looking like dumping you
with some content and if you have questions
or need support, you end up on a gigantic group call
where you're one out of a hundred people
or you're making posts
to some huge Facebook group hoping someone will answer.
It really kind of drives me crazy when coaches tout get
access to Are You, you know, our exclusive Facebook group
as if that's some huge source of support.
Now Facebook groups can be helpful
and we use them ourselves to give people info
and to create community,
but when it comes to actually deep healing work,
you need actual individualized support
with another human being there with you.
And a lot of these big group coaching programs are designed
by online marketers
and business coaches, not by clinicians like me who are used
to getting people life-changing results.
What we do is different.
We do a walk beside you approach each step of the way,
which I've seen is what's required.
When you really get down to this deeper level
of subtle body work, you need the proven system
and the expert guidance to apply that to your life
and your subtle body so you know that whatever comes up,
we've got you and you'll get to the other side.
So in the Body Wisdom Academy, along with our proven system
of subtle body and trauma release work training,
you get weekly access to what we call healing calls.
These are sacred space three to four person sessions
with guaranteed personal attention
with my core coaches who've I've personally trained
and worked with for years.
When it's your turn, it's just you and the coach together.
Nobody else is there commenting on your things.
There's other people waiting for their turn
and you get to hear what other people might be going through
so that you know you're not the only one that is going
through these things and you work
with a coach on whatever is coming up for you.
And this isn't like therapy where you have
to rehash all the stories of the crap that happened
to you in the past, which often
just leaves you feeling worse.
Instead, we are helping you decode
what your body is bringing up as the priority
and helping you apply the subtle body tools so
that you walk away feeling actually lighter
and more healed after each session.
You also get access to me, Leslie,
directly in my regular teaching calls
where I can help you answer any questions that are coming up
and there's even an option
to add on additional healing call time with me personally if
that's something that something that you'd like to add in.
So because we are here walking beside you each step
of the way, you don't have to worry about getting lost
or overwhelmed because we are always
there if something comes up.
Now here's what the Body Wisdom Academy includes.
There are over 14 info packed multi-video modules
with checklists and practices,
but I know that nobody really cares about
the number of modules.
So right from the start, you get live
and personalized Zoom calls to get you oriented
to start tracking your progress
and to get you on the fast track to success.
Here is the crux of what you're going
to get in the Body Wisdom Academy training.
You're going to unlock your body's code.
We start by engaging all levels of your subtle body
so you start feeling calmer
and more centered from the get go.
You learn what we call the basic procedure
to get you in your body
and to start reconnecting any parts
that may have gotten sidelined
or disconnected along the way.
This is super helpful if you tend to be in your head
or even if you feel like you're pretty good friends
with your body, you'll start to get deeper results
and feeling calm and centered for longer periods of time.
Next, we focus on resistance.
As we start, we connecting all the levels
of your subtle body, your protector system is going
to notice that we're headed
for new deeper healing territory.
So right from the beginning we are giving you the new tools
to be able to catch sneaky resistance and to calm
and heal your protector system activation so it uplevels
to allow you to allow in the deeper work that you're doing.
Next phase is we do reconnection.
Now you're ready to start healing core wounds
that have been trapped in your system.
Sometimes for years you'll notice that the shifts
and results you're feeling start to speed up here
as we implement the tools together.
And this is also where we reconnect deeper aspects
of the subtle body like the heart protector
and the back of the heart, which we haven't
even had time to talk about.
And to make sure that the central energetic access
of your body from the heart
to pelvis is running smoothly as it should be.
You'll also get tools to start being able
to really trust your body intuition,
which is different just than the intuition from your mind.
So you can let go of this any lingering self-doubt
and then we move into the phase of expansion.
This is where we continue
to expand your healing results into more
and more aspects of your outer life.
We dive deep into what energetic boundaries actually are
and how to easily maintain them with family and coworkers.
We give you the exact formula to energetically communicate
with your spouse or partner in a way
that magically inspires them to show up
for you in the way that you've been craving.
You'll also learn how to attract the types
of romantic relationships you've been wanting
by understanding different energetic archetypes.
This expansion stage really finally kind of helps you
alter your own subtle body antennae I'll sometimes say so
that you start to naturally repel narcissists
and chi vampires instead of attracting people
who just wanna take advantage of you will also give you
what you need to heal your family geometry
and make sure that you're no longer the family baggage
holder of carrying stuff that isn't even yours.
Now I'm not going to sugarcoat this.
It does take courage and some effort to do real healing work
and you as you would, you know, probably expect,
but at the same time I've learned how to make it as easy
for you as possible no matter what your learning style
or your life situation.
This course is built for busy women in mind, which is
who most of our clients are.
We work mostly with women ages 35 to 55 and we've had women
and some men who really get it and can do the deeper work.
Uh, some people have been in their twenties
and we've Hal also had people in their seventies complete
the program successfully.
We have streamlined this healing process down to a science
and I will equip you with a clear checkpoint
that we call gateways.
So you always know what skills you should be focusing on
when, and we are there for you every week on healing calls,
helping you implement at each step
of the way across time zones
and what works for your schedule.
It's really just a matter
of following the step-by-step process.
This becomes the building blocks that reconnect
how your subtle body system should be running
and paves the way for actually getting to places
so good you didn't even think that they were possible.
Technically, the value of this program for me
and for the hundreds of people I've worked
with has been absolutely priceless.
How can you possibly quantify healing your deepest wounds
and living the life that you've only dreamed about before?
My clients have also increased their incomes,
left unfulfilling relationships
and jobs that they hated attracted their soulmate partners
and friends bought their dream home.
I'm not kidding you, those are some pretty invaluable
breakthroughs and I want you to really hear me when I say
that You will experience actual outer world shifts in a
fraction of the time that therapy, somatic work, breath work
and other healing modalities bring about.
Take our client Susan for example.
This was a a win
and a share that I wanna share with you here.
Since she completed her time in the Body Wisdom Academy,
she has doubled her income and is still growing.
So I know the point of this training is not money.
I wanna be clear and I just wanna show you the power
of healing your trauma.
Sometimes we don't even realize it because we're in it.
Susan didn't even realize
how much her blind spots had been
holding her back in her career.
So that's just one example of quantifiable shifts
that you can experience in this program.
With that said, you know, what's the value
of the Body Wisdom Academy?
Well, the training material itself teaches you everything
you need to know to deal with your trauma,
clear your blocks past, present, and future
and stand on your own two feet as your own healer.
So let's look at the value
of the program in a logical, practical way.
If you saw a good therapist weekly for a year,
that's over $6,000 a year easily might fluctuate a little
depending on where you live in the country.
So knowing that most people do several years
of therapy plus maybe something like a yoga teacher training
or a health coaching, you name it,
multiple modalities and workshops.
We're talking about at least 30 K or more,
but let's just put that number on there.
We consistently see people
use their Body Wisdom Academy training to get better results
and more value than they did in those five to 10 years
of doing all these other things.
So we can easily say that the Body Wisdom Academy,
subtle Body Healing trauma release system is valued
at $30,000.
And did I mention
that the Body Wisdom Academy is a a foundational
certification level training.
So when you complete the program,
not only will you have the benefit yourself in your own
life, but if you are already doing healing work
with clients in some capacity as a therapist
or as a coach, you can use this Body Wisdom Academy
certification to start incorporating these subtle body
methods into your own uh, work
and your work with clients right away.
And if you don't have a wellness training background
or if you're interested in making this your true calling
career path, we do have a further coach level certification
beyond the Body Wisdom Academy as well where you can take it
to the next professional level.
But either way, the Body Wisdom Academy is the required
certification training for anything that comes after.
So not only are you investing in your own healing,
you're laying the groundwork
for your own healing work in the world with a method
that allows you to truly serve others in their healing.
And as we've talked about
before, you are not meant to do deeper healing work alone.
This is a program and a system unlike anything you've
encountered before and your subtle body system
and life situation are unique to you
and you are going to need support
and have questions along the way.
I'd be concerned if you didn't.
This isn't just some school book that you read
but never do anything with.
This is a life-changing practice
that you will be implementing.
So an integral part
of the training is getting support on healing calls
where you practice putting the tools into practice feeling
the difference, and it means showing up to my teaching calls
and getting your questions answered by me directly.
This is what we call live support
and the Body Wisdom Academy includes 12 weeks
of all the live support we have to offer a variety
of healing calls that happen weekly across the North
American time zones, your individual progress check-in calls
to help you stay on track and teaching calls with me.
There is no other program out there
that supports you in this many ways.
No huge group calls, no posting in a Facebook group
to try and get support.
You get direct and personal inbox
support whenever you need it.
On top of the already extensive healing call
support and checking calls.
You also get access to all of the material for entire year.
So it's there as you continue to grow and implement.
Okay, so let's add these on the Body Wisdom Academy.
Subtle Body Healing trauma release system value is $30,000
and the lives support
and mentorship you get along with the system,
which includes weekly healing calls with multiple options
to choose the ones that work for you.
Your private onboarding call, checking calls
and teaching calls with me along
with inbox support over your 12 weeks has a value
of over $15,000.
This individualized attention is where the magic is at
and ensures that we can get you the
results that you're looking for.
So let's put it all together.
So the Body Wisdom Academy system is valued at 30,000.
The 12 weeks of all the live support from weekly healing
calls along with your milestone check-ins
and onboarding as well as teaching calls with me are valued,
valued at 15,000.
The ability to get our certification at the completion
of your program so that you can use it as part
of your own work with your clients in the future,
that's another $5,000 of value.
You also get the value of being a part of a community
of like-hearted women
and men who get it from different walks of life,
but who are all coming together with courage, vulnerability
to really heal and be their true selves.
It's a very safe and accepting community
and we have people who make lifelong friendships
that they continue to keep in touch with.
We often hear clients say that there's no one in my town
that I can talk to about this
or my family kind of thinks I'm weird.
So finally finding your sort of hashtag spirit squad
of like-hearted, sensitive,
empathic folks interested in healing is beyond something
that I can put a price tag on.
So I'm just gonna say priceless with that one.
Also, when you join the Body Wisdom Academy,
you'll get access to exclusive invites
to our live in person workshops
that happen several times per year.
Now these are life-changing weekends where we get
to be in person together in a super
transformative healing environment.
And I promise it's unlike any other workshop you've ever
been to these in-person intensives.
They're not open to the public
and they're only available to people
who have already previously gone
through our Body Wisdom Academy.
Again, some of my biggest healing breakthroughs have
happened on retreats, so it's hard to put the value here
and I'm gonna label that as priceless.
If you should choose to come to one of those, what
that means for you is that the total value of
what you're getting is over $50,000.
So let me just turn it around
for a second and ask you a question.
If you were actually free from the trapped trauma
of the past and living your life purpose,
feeling consistently confident, peaceful, no matter
what came up in your life, what would that be worth to you
if your relationship felt easy
and deeply fulfilling if your career were in alignment
with your heart's desires,
if you were easily keeping your cool without taking on other
people's energy or drama, if you woke up with a clear sense
of knowing who you are
and why you're here feeling spiritually grounded
and on purpose, would it be worth investing $50,000 just
once to keep getting that outcome for the rest of your life?
What about having that benefit go forward into your family
and children's lives
because they have stopped suffering from the generational
patterns that you have ended within yourself?
I can tell you that if you're not there yet,
there will come a time in your commitment
to your inner interpersonal
and spiritual path where making a 50 K investment
that you know is so aligned will not
be that big of a deal at all.
But today does not have to be that day Instead
of paying $50,000, the full cost
of the program is just 4,000.
That's the standard enrollment price.
But because I don't believe
that there are any mistakes in my world,
and you have really answered the call to be on this training
with me, you've made it this far
and you're clearly serious about your healing,
your soul gifts and your life.
I wanna make this even more of a no-brainer for you
to get started because I know what it's like
to be suffering in this way
and I know that what we do works.
So if you know that this is for you and you take action
and trust your gut
and move forward right now, I'm going
to give you a very special, very limited offer
because it's not for everyone.
Instead of the standard enrollment price of 4,000,
you can get started today for only 1060.
You can also do to, you can choose
to do a pay in full tuition of 3000
or choose the three month payment plan
and get started for just $1,060 today.
So that's a savings of as much
as a thousand dollars off of the normal price.
My team thought I was a little bit crazy
and please know, once this offer is gone,
it will not come back like as in never, ever, ever.
This is not some like smoke and mirrors gimmick.
It's a heartfelt business offering.
It's an offering that we do
to really help soul aligned people get started
and we are committed to that.
So there's a little clock there.
You will have the opportunity to join us in the future
for the regular enrollment price, absolutely
for the regular employ regular enrollment price of $4,000.
But why pay a thousand dollars more just
to give your protector system time to act up
for a few days while you're thinking about it?
Besides this $3,000 trust your gut one-time offer.
We do not run sales.
So you can believe me when I say
that you'll never see this price again
after the trust your gut fast action period ends.
Now let me put this into some perspective here.
I want you to soar forward into the future.
You can close your eyes if that helps.
And it's six months down the line,
you've successfully completed your Body Wisdom Academy
training and you literally feel different in your body.
Imagine waking up feeling free from the burdens
that you've gotten so used to carrying you feel confident
and you're easily sharing your gifts in the world.
You feel connected and grounded inwardly without really
having to try so much.
That annoying guy at work says the same stupid s**t he
always does, but instead of getting you spun out for days,
it literally seems kind of funny to you
and you just go on with your day unaffected.
The solutions to things seem to come to you more easily
and it's hard to even imagine why things seem so much
of a trigger before.
So imagine knowing how
to naturally get your needs met in relationship
and seeing your spouse step up in ways
that you didn't even thought were possible.
One of our graduates, Denise, was on the verge
of literally divorcing her
husband when she came into the program.
We talked about it in her onboarding call
and by the time she graduated, she was astonished
that their relationship was at this new level of closeness
that they hadn't had in all of their decades
of married life together.
She was pretty shocked. So imagine
actually attracting your ideal romantic partner, not
because they need fixing, but
because they're actually spiritually aligned so
that you can truly build a better
relationship than you thought possible.
And the benefits that you see are seeing aren't just in you.
You see your family thriving, your children seem calmer,
calmer and happier, and you know that they won't have to go
through the painful generational things
that you've had to endure.
This is your healing magnified.
It's a lifetime worth of healing for just $3,000
or even just 1,060 today.
So now I have some commonly asked questions that I'm going
to answer for you, but
before I do, I have a few things to share
with you from previous Body Wisdom Academy graduates.
This is Jordan. She is just a wonderful sensitive soul.
She actually grew up in the same city that I did
and she said the system works when I work the system
and I'm definitely noticing tangible results with it
that inspire, encourage,
and motivate me to keep utilizing these tools and practices.
That's awesome. Jana was a nurse practitioner, she still is,
and after two weeks in BWA, she sent us this feedback.
She's like, I'm gonna be honest,
I never thought in my life it would be that fast of results
and instantaneous because therapy is not instantaneous.
It's a lot of talking, talking, talking.
I've had more aha moments in the last two weeks than
I've had in a lifetime.
So thank you Meredith, uh,
who is a wonderful BW grad
and still stays in touch say it's changed my relationship
and that I've stopped depending on outer
relationships to fulfill me.
And I'm really taking the leap towards my own fulfillment.
And because I know and she stays has stayed in touch
with us, I know that she is actually in a wonderful, uh,
last couple years relationships that came up for her
after BWA
and really, uh, happily working on that,
a low quote from Lila.
She said, I have long been searching
and reading all the things
and while I've made a great many things, uh,
learned a great many things and have made certain levels
of progress, I've been completely frustrated
by the just let it go.
Advice that so many give, it's a phrase that
so many spiritual leaders throw around,
let this go, let that go.
But no one that I've encountered has ever been able
to provide a definition or method of how exactly to do that.
Clearly my intention
to let something go is not enough to do the trick.
Finally, with Leslie's teaching
and methods, there is a way to figure out what it is,
get down to it and really remove it.
I am so, so grateful for that.
And a note from Carly who is now not just a BWA graduate
but has also gone on to complete the coach training,
she said I had tried a few different ways
to help clear the blocks
but always reverted back to previous patterns and habits.
This gave me the tools I need to work with myself,
grow my intuition, and be able
to communicate directly with myself.
The blocks that I've gotten rid of have stayed that way.
So just a few things.
Really wonderful to see their beautiful faces.
It's kinda helpful. Okay,
so now let's dig into some questions.
When does it start? Unlike a lot
of coachy coaches out there, we are not trying to get a herd
of gazillion customers
and scale to the moon to have some huge program
where we just get a ton
of people in the door and then forget about them.
This is a soul aligned offering for me
and we are on a mission.
We are committed to personalized,
targeted healing and results.
What that means practically is
that we work on a capacity basis
because we do individual attention
and that takes time and human contact.
So if you're seeing this training, we have space for you now
because when we're full, the doors close
and we don't open this training
to anyone for people to enroll.
Can I start later? Essentially sort of delayed enrollment?
Can I delay my start date? Yes.
If you know you're ready
and you have some small logistical life thing like a
vacation, another program is ending, you're moving
and you need a few extra weeks before you start,
but you still wanna get that trust,
your gut fast action rate that I'm offering here.
You can go through the enrollment process now
with the button below
and then reach out to our support team right after that.
There will be links on how to do that
and you let them know that you need
to move your official start date.
That way you get the benefit
of this one time trust your gut bonus,
which you will not see again
and you get to start at the time that works for for you.
What if I'm really busy?
This is a question we get a lot
because on average our clients are busy women, busy moms,
working moms, you've got a lot going on in life.
So if that's you, good news.
I have built and refined this program for busy individuals.
On average, we expect that you will need about three
to five hours per week to get the most out of this program.
And because we help you customize the program for your life,
you'll also get help from us along the way with knowing what
to focus on, what to prioritize, where you're at,
and so that you know what you should be focusing on when
and how to make the most of your time.
We actually have specific gateways
and checklists so you know exactly which skills you should
be developing and know exactly how to track the signs
of your subtle body healing process.
Will this work for mood issues like anxiety, depression,
procrastination, early childhood trauma complex
P-T-S-D-A-D-H-D, generational trauma?
The short answer is yes,
and it's important for me
to give here my official medical disclaimer
and remind you that the Body Wisdom Academy,
subtle Body trauma release method is
not a medical intervention.
It's not therapy. It is not meant to diagnose, treat, cure,
or prevent any disease,
and it's definitely not approved by the Food
and Drug Administration or your insurance provider.
That being said, the whole list of things
that I mentioned like anxiety, depression, different types
of trauma are all heavily related
to subtle body dysfunction.
And we hear every day how these areas of our clients' lives
and experiences improve drastically
with subtle body work even when other things have failed.
And I have been specializing personally in helping people
heal weird and tricky things that medical specialists,
other acupuncturists, therapists
and healers have not been able to help them fix.
So if that's you, you are in the right place.
Will this work for making a career change,
having a better relationship with money, life purpose,
subtle body news flash here, friends, what we know
to be true is that your outer world
reflects your inner world.
So the things that show up in our outer world are actually
results of the organizational, of the sum total
of our mind, body, spirit system.
They are not separate from us.
So it is
therefore true that when we change our inner worlds,
our outer worlds will shift in a way
that surprises us again, always better to judge by results.
Here's a couple of examples of how our clients
came into the Body Wisdom Academy
to work on their own healing
and were pleasantly surprised by how that also overflowed
and created big shifts in their outer working
and financial lives as well.
Meet our BWA graduate Susan, she works in a really, uh,
an environment at her work where there's a lot of sort
of inner political personality issues
that had sometimes felt limiting
and really challenging in the past.
And she shared this with us after BWA
and said, I have almost doubled my salary since the summer
and I'm applying to co-chair my division.
I'm building alliances with confidence and compassion
and with the money I will buy a surprise vacation
engagement ring for my David.
I'm grounded in life is good.
So really having that overflow into our personal partner
and love life as well, which is great.
This is Carolyn, who is a wonderful,
wonderful heartfelt seeker, has done so much work in yoga
and spirituality and was struggling at her job
and she actually decided to continue
and go on to our coach training, uh, partly
because she landed an amazing job
that she didn't even think was coming
and she, one of the things
that helped her the most from her BWA time that she shared
with me was really feeling confident to negotiate
and ask for a higher salary, feeling heartfelt
and also successful in the world.
This is a thing that as empaths
and sensitive seekers we often struggle with of how
to be compassionate and loving
and also do things in the world
and really hold ourselves to a high level
of worthiness when it comes to things like salary and work.
So she's really happy at her new position.
Will this work for physical issues like pain, insomnia,
migraines, chronic pain, chronic fatigue, menstrual issues?
Again, official reminder
and disclaimer that this is not a medical intervention
and my methods are not designed to diagnose, cure, treat,
prevent any disease
and they have not been approved by the FDA.
And when you are a mind, body, spirit system, everything
that you experience, your physical pain, your emotions,
et cetera, we'll have some strong links
to your subtle body system
because that is the basis of you being a human being.
So we often see
that our clients make great improvements in their weird
and tricky long lasting chronic physical symptoms.
I've had clients who didn't even tell me
that they had chronic pain.
They came into the program talking about other things they
wanted to focus on and then several weeks in they just
casually mentioned, oh yeah,
and my chronic pain is 60% better just
from starting to do this work.
So we often, often,
often see great improvements in physical symptoms.
Will this work for emotional eating, weight loss,
disordered eating, emotional eating weight struggles?
Now a reminder, this isn't a weight loss program.
My goal isn't to focus on your gene size
and subtle body dysfunction is a major part
of what's going on underneath weight loss issues.
This makes sense when you're struggling with weight loss.
It's not that you don't know
that things like a customized healthy diet
and more exercise are important.
It's that there's inner conflict, self-sabotage
and often a lot of trapped trauma under the surface
that are the real problems.
When we dissolve those, everything else gets easier.
Will this work for relationship issues? A huge yes.
Yes, yes. Here listen, we are wounded in relationship
and we need to heal in relationship.
This is why we have such a customized high touch
personalized program and why subtle body work equips you
with the skills to not just heal yourself,
but how to heal your relationships as well.
This includes family dynamics, deepening friendships
and how to actually attract the romantic
and intimate relationships that you're looking for in life.
Breaking away from old dysfunctional patterns
of attracting the wrong people.
We've got whole modules on this in the BWA.
So while we are not a dating program, we get down
to the source faster than most expensive dating
coaching programs out there.
One of our awesome guys who get it clients, Eric,
he even found that along the way with building more calm
and inner confidence through learning subtle body work,
he actually was able
to not just fix his chronic sleep prog problems
and become more confident at work.
He left the program having more success in dating
and relating with women and feeling confident
and successful in that realm of his life.
Will I get personalized attention? Yes, yes, yes. OMG, yes.
You have weekly healing calls where you know you're going
to get your time with a coach
focusing on what's coming up for you.
You'll get private one-on-one jumpstart call when you start
the program right off the bat
to start customizing your experience.
You'll get a private onboarding call
to make sure you're orienting to the process
and getting all your questions answered.
You get personalized check-ins at program milestones
and you get in back inbox support anytime you need it.
And you also get to ask me any questions
and challenges you're having directly on
my Leslie teaching calls.
So those are also recorded so you can always go back
and watch the replay in the course.
You will even have the option to add in additional coaching
with me personally as a supplement option if you want to add
that onto your tuition.
We call that the Leslie track.
So that's extra but it's available to you.
I've already done a lot of work.
Is this really going to be different? Good question.
Listen, this program is not for complete newbies
or people who haven't even recognized that their mind
and body are deeply interconnected.
If you're here, you've done all the things,
you get it already,
but there is a difference between getting it
between having gone through trainings like yoga,
teacher training, health coach training.
There's a difference between knowing it
and even between being able to advise and help other people
and being able to truly
and holistically embody the healing in yourself.
That level of healing is what we do here.
It takes direct personal mentorship
and it takes truly comprehensive
and integrated knowledge of the subtle body
and how the reality of healing
and the technical side of trauma
and even spirituality actually work in the mind body system.
And that's something that you won't find anywhere else.
If you are a serious seeker, empath, workshop junkie,
trained therapist or coach
and you have arrived, this is for you.
One of my dear friends who is a trained somatic therapist
and went to one of the top interpersonal psychology schools
in the country, she went through the BWA training
and she said, Leslie, this is like a little bit like
what I learned in school with somatic therapy but way faster
and way deeper and you don't have
to talk about all the stuff endlessly with your clients.
So she still uses this work with her clients.
Now what if I tend to start strong with new programs
and then I fall off the wagon or procrastinate?
Good news, we have a name for that.
It's called resistance
and we understand
how it works on a subtle body technical level.
We work directly with resistance in this program
and it's one of the things that makes this program
so unique dealing with an unwinding the source of resistance
and reprogramming your protector system are two of the keys
that almost every other modality misses.
So if you felt like you do great
and new things for a hot minute,
but then you either sort of like forget about them
or seem to go back to old patterns, we've got you covered.
So you will be able to actually walk up
and over that mountain to the other side
and we'll be right there with you along the way.
That is inherent in part of this training.
Is everything included? Are there additional charges?
Once I'm in the program, everything we provide you
with is covered in the program, in the curriculum
and your year of access, all the live support,
all the calls, all of the curriculum.
As a bonus, when you start your BWA experience,
you'll have the future option
to potentially attend an in-person workshop
and event that is different from the training,
the core training itself, it's a um, separate sort of thing
and you'll have the option to come of one
of those in the future, but that is uh, separate.
Some people come, some people don't. So that's not included.
And if you did choose to come to that in the future,
that would be extra in terms of going to that,
everything else is included for the 12 weeks.
What if I'm not good at technology? We have got you covered.
We use very simple technology.
We zoom and one community platform,
we get great feedback from our clients about we do not use
Facebook or Facebook groups for this program fulfillment.
And we walk you through it Each step of the way.
There is a one-on-one onboarding call
to make sure everything is clear
and you can always reach out for help along the way.
We have had clients in their seventies use this technology.
Another question I sometimes get, I'm a Christian,
will this work for my religious beliefs?
Yes, whatever spirituality you are,
whichever religious tradition you're coming from,
your spirituality is an important part of your healing.
And this program is compatible
with whatever religious tradition you follow.
We do not promote any particular religious belief
and respect and encourage you to deepen
and integrate your personal spirituality
into your healing process.
How long will it take to start feeling better?
You'll start noticing the difference of
how your body is responding right away
and starting to dissolve these old patterns.
You'll be able to feel things happening within your mind
body system and this is a 12 week program.
So there's going to be phases of healing
that do not happen all at once.
It's a step-by-step process
and I'm going to show you along the way how
to notice the healing signs of your system, how to know
and sort of decode how things are progressing
and you will start to see the results showing up in your
outer world as well.
I had one client who had been doing a lot of inner work
for a while and she said on a healing call once she was
like, Leslie, you told me that.
I like you said, I wasn't really gonna notice it all at once
and I wasn't really paying attention to that,
but I, for as long as I can remember, have had this sort
of really negative voice in my head.
Therapy's called it the inner critic, just like really mean
and nasty and sometimes I even have to just would have
to get up and walk around just
because it was just so intense that I had to try
to shake it out of my mind.
And she said, I just noticed.
But I realized the other day
that I don't remember the last time I heard that voice.
It's actually gone and I hadn't even noticed.
I just noticed now that it hasn't been there anymore.
So things will happen along the way
that you're not even tracking with
and then you'll realize, oh s**t, that's not there anymore.
So that's a little bit of how the results tend to unfold.
Is this process going to cause me to get overwhelmed
or cause me to spin out or have a healing crisis?
Now a lot of people have done strong one-time type
of healing interventions that blew the doors open,
some intensive breath work, medicine journeys, workshops.
They have felt, um, sort of destabilized in their life
because they had this big sort of forceful healing opening,
but there was no support to integrate afterwards
and that can feel destabilizing.
So if that's you, I understand why you
might feel worried about that.
But the way that subtle body works is different
because one, we don't use dynamite.
Amateurs use dynamite.
We use a customized process to work with your subtle body
and your protector system so that you can tolerate
and integrate this each step along the way
that is lasting healing.
And we're here with you. That's why this is a 12 week
program with tons of personalized support.
So generally our clients don't need to go
through some huge healing crisis
because this modality is very precise and specific
and follows your innate healing in
and helping you move into new ways.
So sometimes people's specific systems need
to customize our longer support
and we adjust based on your subtle body assessment
of how you're progressing.
Is this really the only time I'll see this?
Trust your gut fast action price.
Yes, and it's the lowest price you'll
ever see for our program.
It means that it's not some
gimmick that we play around with.
It's a serious offering to honor your soul alignment
to do this work together.
So we don't mess around with that.
Even after this opportunity is gone, you won't see a sale
or a discount, which we don't do.
On principle. This is therapeutic work.
I never want people to regret purchasing
because they saw a lower tuition later on.
And I don't want people to sort
of postpone their healing just in case they think there's a
coupon code that's coming down the line.
So of course you will be able
to enroll in the future if you miss this opportunity at the
normal enrollment rate.
But why pay a thousand dollars more just for a few more days
to decide what makes this program
different from other programs?
Good question. The first thing I want you to know here is
that none of this is hypothetical theory or guesswork.
This is literally the system that I personally developed
to transform my own life
and help my clients get breakthrough results in their
healing and lives even when everything else had failed.
And because I personally developed it,
you will not find it anywhere else.
This isn't one of those situations
where someone learning something from someone else
or taking a training and then deciding
to create a course to teach it.
Although you know, no offense to people who teach modalities
that they've learned from others.
I have been developing
and using this system with my own clinical patients
before ever even training others.
So I took a lot of time in perfecting it.
It is a time-tested, proven system that gets results.
And I can't separate my background from
what I teach and live.
This is my life's work and part of my purpose in this life.
I have been meditating, doing yoga since I was a teenager.
I graduated from the top acupuncture school in the us.
I have over a decade of full-time, clinical level experience
of working with clients.
This is what I have been doing my whole life.
And this is not to throw shade on anyone else.
There are a lot of people who are called to do healing work
with people in different forms and that is wonderful.
It's a blessing. And when it comes to the healing arts,
I can tell you that there is a categorical difference
between being guided by someone
who has taken a few workshops
and certifications to someone hold,
who holds a medical license level.
Clinical degree, has gone through comprehensive,
traditional medical training, has actual experience.
I love cool crystals as much as the next person.
But when you get in a car accident,
you don't whip out your singing bowls.
So when you have longtime held trauma in your body,
when you need a comprehensive approach, you go
to longtime experts with the qualification
and proven track record if you want results, not someone
who just sort of got into something
and took a weekend workshop.
When it comes down to is this, my team
and I are deeply, deeply
invested in you living the life you are meant to live.
This is a soul aligned dharmic healing process that we offer
and we're here to walk with you each step of the way.
I want you to experience the freedom and joy
and yes, the relief
of actually being your true authentic self without the
burdens of the past, without the self-sabotage
and inner critic, without the generational
baggage you've been carrying.
I want you to realize
and actually manifest
what you know is there under the surface,
but haven't been able to bring out into your life
because of the subtle body blocks that were in the way.
This is true success and that's what I want for you.
So lemme just cover a couple other of those, okay?
But because I can tell you're thinking them, okay,
but it feels scary to invest in myself.
Isn't that being selfish? Whew girl.
One of the things that sensitive folks,
and this is particularly true for women, is
that we have been conditioned
to put everyone else first, but ourselves.
This is a lack of wisdom understanding about
how things actually work and often part of our cultural
and religious or patriarchal upbringings.
So if you're feeling this, you're not alone.
What we know even from western social science perspective,
from studies done by organizations like UNESCO
and the Brookings Institute is that when women
and girls are healthier
and have access to the resources, the education
that they need, their families and communities do better.
You know this, in your own experience in yourself,
if you had a mother or even a grandmother, an aunt
who was emotionally unhealthy,
if they were operating from their trauma, you can see
what a negative impact that had on your family in
so many areas of life.
They were doing the best that they can,
but if they were acting from trauma,
it did harm in the family system.
If you were lucky enough to have an emotionally healthy mom
or a grandmother, a woman close to you, you can also feel
what an immense source of support that
that was in your own life.
You investing in your own healing is the thing
that allows you to show up for others.
This isn't just about you personally.
This is about you being able to show up not just
for your spouse, but for your children,
but also the impact that you can have in the outer world.
True leaders put their oxygen masks on first.
That's what allows them
to keep serving others in such an impactful way.
So if it seems scary
because you've never invested in yourself,
I totally understand I was there once too and myself,
but this is an invitation to uplevel your life
and to support yourself
and those around you in a way that's beyond
what you've been able to do before.
It always is gonna feel like a little bit
of a leap the first time.
So that's normal if that's what you're feeling, okay,
but I've invested in programs before
and I didn't get results.
What if it doesn't work for me?
Because most of our clients have been working on themselves
for years and still feeling stuck.
It's natural that you may have had experiences in the past
where you felt like something didn't work for you.
Often, other methods just aren't comprehensive enough
to work for a wide range of people.
So they're hitting it for some and missing it for others.
This is why I actually offer people a money back guarantee
with our program, which is unheard of in the healing world,
mostly because people can't guarantee results.
So this is part of what we do different.
There's actually no risk to you.
I am so freaking confident in our methods
and we've tested them over and over
and over again with people from all walks of life
that I'm actually able to make you this guarantee.
We track over 35 data points
for every single person who comes in the door.
So we know this works. We're not guessing. We have data.
So if you enroll in the Body Wisdom Academy, if you show up
and you go through the process and follow the coaching,
and you follow the system
and for some reason you don't get actual results
and changes in your markers that we're tracking,
I'll actually refund your tuition.
So you literally have nothing to lose.
I know that this is helpful when you've been through
so much in the past, so that's part of why we offer it.
Okay, but can I just do a single session and try it out?
I know your protector system tells you that you just need
to quote unquote try it out.
You don't need to try an ice cream sundae
to know it's gonna be sweet
and you don't go to your doctor asking
to try a little surgery to see how you like it.
Here's the questions that you should ask instead,
does this person know what they're talking about?
Has this produced the results that I want
or similar for other people?
What's really needed is to
identify your real underlying issue in your subtle body
and consult the expert
and system to address that very issue
that will get you the results and benefit if your mind
and trying it could've gotten you out
of this, it would've already.
So the mind story that you'll somehow know
by trying a little is just mind fear
that isn't going to get you where you wanna go.
Okay, but it's just not the right
time for me to get started.
I get it. I get that we are busy people,
but let's take a look at that life
and healing kind of facts here.
If you're not in your body,
if your trauma is running the show,
if you have unhealed subtle body blocks,
you are not really helping anyone.
You're not really actually even living
your true, authentic self.
You are perpetuating trauma.
You are living a surface life going through the motions.
So if you are waiting for some calm, serene time
to engage in this work, it will never come
because the trauma
and your protector system itself is part of the thing
that makes it feel like it's never the right time.
It's not just always that life is busy.
It's also that trauma is keeping us running
in fight or flight mode.
And if the issue is just actually
that you've stumbled on this training
or this healing opportunity at a moment when your schedule
is a little bit full, remember you can still enroll
and then reach out and the team will help you right away
to let us know that you need a delayed start.
That way, you still get the benefit
of this super special trust your gut action taker
and you get the time that you need.
Now, before we end,
I've got one more parting thought for you.
Really comes down to two choices.
Choice one is keep doing what you're doing and feeling stuck
and just somehow cross your fingers
that is gonna get better, which we all know generally things
left to their own devices tend to get worse.
Now, I know I don't know you very well yet,
but if you are like the majority of people who are ready
for these deeper methods and healing, you're feeling stuck
and struggling, you know you need healing,
but you've been doing all the right things that they say,
working on yourself, going to therapy,
trying all the things,
and while they've helped a little bit here
and there, you still feel blocked in some fundamental ways.
Instead of living your sole purpose,
enjoying fulfilling relationships
and really showing up as your authentic self,
you still feel like an imposter kind of scrambling
for the next healing trick
that doesn't really pay off or worse.
You're getting to the place where you're starting
to believe the mind lie,
that there's inherently something wrong with you
and that healing can work for everyone else but you.
I don't want you to be there. And then there's choice number
two, which is to commit to your integrated healing
as your guiding light priority.
To decide to make that change
and to try a new approach of subtle body work
to healing all the levels of your subtle body
that puts you back in the driver's seat of your life,
your sense of true confidence that aligns you
with your authentic self and your life purpose.
The second choice is the one
that gives you the truly integrated understanding so
that you always know how to actually shift
how you're feeling in the moment,
so you never get separated from the
grounded truth of who you are.
The choice is between continuing to struggle
or choosing to take control of your healing
and success with soul aligned support.
If now is your time, I welcome you to take the next step
and enroll, and I look forward to walking
with you on this sacred path together.
Super blessings on your health,
your healing, your inner world.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
