Optional[Congratulations on reaching this point. The entire process has been designed to speak directly to those who get it. And if you're here, that means you do. You recognize how a fully articulated methodology brings your innovative genius to life. And you know that the key to getting leads to sell themselves is implementing a holistic, automated and systemized marketing and sales system. This is how you create a fully scalable offer that allows you to serve the masses if you choose to and that de delivers unprecedented results at scale. If you're here, then you're ready to implement my easys method in your business. In this episode, I'm going to share how we can work together. Here's an outline of the four programs that we're going to cover. One, the sustainable profit academy, my signature program for businesses that are ready to create their innovative methodology and their scalable client conversion and retention systems. Two, our growth bridge program designed for businesses that need a consistent client conversion system so they can bring in clients quickly, predictably and effectively. Three, one on one support. This is for clients with a unique business model or process that requires a highly customized approach. But please don't get too excited. Spots are limited. Four Ala carte workshops and programs. These are tailored solutions for businesses addressing specific problems to acquire their first clients. Now, before we dive into the program details, with the exception of our ALA carte options, our programs are by invitation only. So as we go, I'll share the requisites and how to apply for each one. Now let's start with my signature program, the Sustainable Profit academy. The Sustainable Profit Academy is a high touch mastermind, meticulously designed for businesses that are ready to own their innovative genius, automate their client conversion systems, and deliver unmatched results. This is a community of industry changers, disruptors and trailblazers who will be on the covers of Forbes magazines with books being written about their remarkable journeys. The sustainable profit academy, or as we affectionately call it, Spa, is designed to fuel the growth you've already achieved and scale it. Simplicity is scalable and at its core that is infused to all of our strategies. You already know that a key pillar of my easys method is delivering unmatched results to my clients. That's why I've incorporated results mechanisms into every part of my program. These mechanisms are designed to provide you with a systematic and proactive support that will make your success inevitable. So let's dive into what these results mechanisms look like in Spa and how they will guarantee your success. The first component is our multi dimensional learning portal which provides bite sized trainings that you can watch at your own convenience. These are designed to help you understand my proprietary process while giving you the actual application based systems to apply it. This isn't a course or a coaching program that tries to wow you by giving you an overwhelming amount of information that leaves you wondering how you can actually apply it. This is a strategy program where we tailor the how to implementation for your business. Now, all of our results mechanisms work hand in hand. So while the learning portal delivers the ECS method in a tangible and systematic process, I'm here to personally work with you in developing a customized application to your business which leads to our business check ins. While you progress through the learning portal, I'll be there to personally support you every step of the way. And one of the ways I'll do that is through our business check ins. This is where you submit your playbook so that I can personally dig deep into your business and understand it inside out. It's one of the ways that we're able to customize the strategy covered in the learning portal and at the same time make sure that we're able to validate and fine tune each piece that we're building. We make sure that every single element in the system actually delivers the result we want before we add the next piece onto it. By doing this, we not only get faster results, but also avoid the frustration of trial and error. This puts me in your back pocket and allows me to provide you with real time feedback. Business checkins allows to unleash your full potential and ensure that your entire strategy works seamlessly by providing one on r1 time support. While business checkins serve as a valuable support tool for creating customized strategies tailored to your business, our implementation calls give you the one on one support of developing and working through your implementation plan. But in a group setting, we don't do hot seat coaching. We use a structured and methodical call system that allows us to support every individual every time and the power of having a group setting is it allows us to have participants from different industries with clear parallels that can be drawn to each business. Many participants attend not only to receive guidance for themselves, but also to actively listen in and learn from the challenges and successes of others. Our implementation calls provide the best of both worlds. You benefit from individualized attention and strategy development while also tapping into the collective learning experience within the group. And don't worry about time zones, we've got you covered. I host two implementation calls each week, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Now let's talk about our Facebook community. Unlike other programs that simply add a community support feature as an afterthought. Our Facebook community for Spa is an integral part of the program. In our community, you'll find clients that are actively engaged every single day. They come in and seek feedback on the implementation plans we've created for the week. They share some screenshots of the conversations they're having or they ask for guidance on how to respond to specific questions. And that's where I step in with feedback and targeted support that's tailored to their unique situations. It's not just a place for casual conversation, it's a focused and purposeful platform where clients can refine their strategies, troubleshoot challenges and make progress with confidence. Lastly, let's talk about our weekly audit calls with our next level coaches. These calls are designed to take your progress to new heights and address specific areas that can make a significant impact on your success. Let's break down what each audit entails beyond mindset audit this is where our next level support coach dives deep into both your conscious and subconscious programming. We identify any limiting beliefs or mindset blocks that may be holding you back from fully implementing the powerful strategies that we're developing together. Then we have our messaging audit. During this audit, our next level messaging coach reviews two pieces of copy, whether it's your landing pages, email sequences, social media posts or any other form of written communication, and provides feedback on how to refine and optimize your messaging for maximum impact. These weekly audit calls are an invaluable opportunity to receive personalized guidance, address any challenges and fine tune your approach. Our next level coaches are here to support you on your journey to success, helping you break through barriers and elevate your business to new heights. Now let me share some real talk with you. Spa is an absolute game changer and the countless testimonials speak for themselves. People's lives have been transformed by this program like Erica, who five x her investment in 24 days and landed a $60,000 client without even posting on social media. Or Sarah, who developed her methodology for mental health and has now been featured as an innovative expert in her field. Or Abby, who felt like she was glued to her phone just trying to get sales, who instead was able to five extra prices and had clients line up to work with her without a sales call. In fact, she was able to go camping for weeks at a time and still had sales rolling in. I want you to experience the transformation of the sustainable profit academy for yourself. Here's the thing. I'm not here to try and convince you of anything my marketing process takes care of that for me and to be humble and blunt at the same time, it works. Because of this, I don't experience any financial, emotional or other pressures to make a sale. Instead, here's the intention behind the growth optimization audit call one this program is by invitation only. The audit call lets me identify if you're truly ready. This is a foundational component and ensures that we can make your success inevitable. Meeting the criteria of business readiness and investment capacity doesn't automatically guarantee acceptance. We prioritize finding a perfect cultural and work ethic fit, too. This is why I continue to look forward to meeting with amazing people like you on my growth optimization audits. So secure one of your spots today. Now, let's talk about the growth bridge. SPA is specifically designed for businesses that are already achieving results for their clients. However, if you recognize the need for SpA but you haven't reached the stage in your business just yet, we have a program called the growth bridge that can bridge that gap for you. The primary goal of the growth bridge is to serve as a connecting bridge between your current stage and sustainable profitability. What sets Growthbridge apart from SPA is its initial focus on building predictable and repeatable client acquisition systems. In the program, we create compelling messaging and positioning that resonates with your high intent premium clients. By refining your messaging, you can effectively communicate the value you offer and attract the right audience who is eager to work with you. Additionally, we work on establishing your infinite sales highway, a strategic framework that consistently generates commitment from your premium clients. This eliminates the uncertainty and unpredictability often associated with offers and replaces it with a refined and holistic sales system. There are two big differences between spa and Growthbridge. The first is that Growthbridge does not include building your methodology. The reason for this is that in order to develop a methodology and have a result system, you need to have clients to create. That baseline methodology cannot arbitrarily be created. It needs real world validation through client experience. Therefore, methodology is not included in the growth bridge. Lastly, the results and retention component is not part of the Growth bridge program. The primary focus of the growth bridge is to establish a strong foundation by consistently bringing in clients. By prioritizing client acquisition as a foundation, we can ensure a stable flow of business before expanding into other areas. Once you've successfully implemented the client acquisition systems and achieved stability in your business, you'll be ready to transition to more advanced strategies and concepts offered in SPA program. Now, Growthbridge serves as a stepping stone to prepare you for the comprehensive methodology and results framework provided in Spa in Growthbridge, we've refined the results mechanisms to make the program more accessible while still ensuring that success is inevitable. Just like an SBA, one of the key results mechanisms in the Growthbridge is the multidimensional learning portal. This portal is designed to cater to different learning styles, providing you with the information you need to create your messaging, positioning and infinite sales highway. It gives you access to all the necessary resources and tools to develop a strong foundation for your business. Additionally, you're going to have access to our implementation calls similar to the ones in Spa. These calls occur bi weekly and provide you with opportunity to receive individualized attention and guidance from me in that group learning setting. We'll work together to tailor the strategies to your unique circumstances and business goals. Lastly, you'll be part of our private Facebook community which serves as a dynamic and interactive resource to enhance your learning experience and propel your progress. Growthbridge provides the tools, guidance and community that you need to establish a solid foundation of success for your business. To join the Growthbridge, it's essential to be fully committed and willing to go beyond your comfort zone. This program will push you to explore deeper levels of your business and messaging, allowing you to tap into powerful and impactful strategies. True transformation occurs when we delve into uncharted territories. Now, similar to Spa, the growth Bridge program is also by invitation only. By booking a growth optimization audit, we can assess your needs and goals and create a custom strategy tailored to your business. During the call, we'll determine if the growth bridge is the right program for you. If it is, I'll be absolutely thrilled to extend an invitation and have you join our community. Remember, success in this program comes from your dedication and willingness to dive deep. If you're ready to take that leap and receive an invitation, book a growth optimization audit and let's embark on a journey of sustainable growth together. Now, for a select few clients who have unique or specific needs, I offer a limited number of one on one opportunities. These personalized engagements allow for customized support tailored to your individual requirements. However, please note that these one on one spots are extremely limited and tend to fill up quickly due to high demand. Now, for the majority of individuals, our spa or Growthbridge programs provide the perfect solution. These programs have been designed to offer comprehensive support and proven strategies to drive sustainable profit and growth. Now, if you're interested in exploring the possibility of working with me on a one on one basis, I invite you to book a call with me. During this call, we can discuss your specific needs goals and determine if a one on one engagement would be the best fit for you. Please keep in mind that availability for one on one opportunities is extremely limited and we may find that spa is actually a better fit for you. Lastly, I want to share one more option for how we can collaborate and support your business. If you resonate deeply with our approach and philosophy but you feel that your business is not yet ready for spa or Growthbridge, don't worry, it's perfectly fine to be at this stage of your entrepreneurial dreamy. In fact, I'm thrilled that you're here now, avoiding the pitfalls of spending years on complex offers or flashy marketing strategies that prioritize noise over innovation. We understand that every business has its own unique needs and pace of growth. That's why we offer opportunities to work on specific aspects of your business and lay the essential foundation for future scaling. One such option is our lead floods workshop, a comprehensive step by step guide that empowers you to create a surge of high intent premium leads who are ready to enthusiastically embrace your offerings. To explore our full range of one off offers and discover how we can tailor our support to your specific business needs, I invite you to visit our website. There you'll find detailed information on the various ways that we can collaborate and help you achieve your goals. These are all of the ways that we can work together. I understand that choosing the right program or approach depends on your specific needs, goals and circumstances. When you schedule a call with me, I offer personalized guidance tailored to your individual factors ensuring the best fit for you. You already know that one of the core pillars of my methodology is results and retention. If you aren't getting your clients results, it doesn't matter how spectacular your client acquisition system is, it will eventually crumble. For me, this isn't just a crucial pillar of the EZs method, it's one of my core values. Getting you results is literally built into my moral compass and the way I systemize this value is through everything I've shared with you already, from the systems and strategies to the innovative methodology and the results mechanisms. My holistic process is designed to make success damn near inevitable. If you understand the innovation of the ECS method and are ready to commit to bringing your own innovative genius to life, then let's talk schedule your call today. Ready to simplify and scale your sales process and have premium ready to buy clients lining up to work with you. All because you have a bingeable sales system that gets leads to sell themselves so you never have to convince anyone ever again. And if you want to quit top of mind marketing, where you're chasing attention and demand and instead create your innovative advantage so you can be the known and well paid industry thought leader. Then it's time to apply for your growth optimization call to find out how we can apply the ECS method to your business so you can scale a highly profitable and predictable business that finally lets you enjoy your life. Click the links down below or go to easysleads.com call and we'll see you there.]